
[Illustration: Front Cover]

    _Beehive
    for Bairns_

    VOLUME 2

    _From 1st size to 2 years_

    _with special
    supplement_

    BED
    JACKETS

    PRICE
    25¢

    Patons & Baldwins, Limited * Toronto. 10




[Illustration: Baby cartoon]

_To All Those Who Love Babies!_


We are pleased to present Volume 2 of BEEHIVE FOR BAIRNS--giving an even
greater variety of Baby garments than Volume 1. It still answers the time
old question of "What can I make for a Baby?" and has these special
features:

    First, the Layette.

    From pages 7 to 18 garments can be made in 3 sizes--for 3, 6
    and 9 months.

    From pages 29 to 47 garments can be made in 3 sizes--for 1,
    1-1/2 and 2 years.

    Pram Covers and Shawls.

    From pages 51 to 59 a special supplement of Lady's Bedjackets
    and each one can be made in miniature for a baby. A lovely
    Gift. An original, and we think, an attractive idea.

_All garments are made from especially suitable_ BEEHIVE WOOLS:-

2, 3 AND 4 PLY BEEHIVE FINGERING * 3 PLY BEEHIVE NON-SHRINK BABY WOOL
BEEHIVE LUSTRE CREPE * 4 PLY MISS CANADA ANDALUSIAN * 4 PLY MISS CANADA
FINGERING * P & B SUPERIOR DOUBLE KNITTING * FUZZY WUZZY ANGORA

  _The Best is None too Good for Baby
  and the Best is Patons & Baldwins Wool_

[Illustration: Company Logo]

_=PATONS & BALDWINS, LIMITED * TORONTO, 10=_

[Illustration: Bye Baby Bunting]




_Bye Baby Bunting_


  MATERIALS: =3 ply BEEHIVE NON-SHRINK BABY WOOL=. 14 ozs. One No. 0
  Steel Crochet Hook (American Gauge). 4-1/2 yds. Silk Blanket Binding or
  Satin Ribbon 2 ins, wide. 1 yd. Ribbon 1 inch wide. 3 yds.
  Ribbon 1/4-inch width.

  MEASUREMENTS: 38 ins. × 38 ins.

  Tension: 3 groups and 3 rows = 1 inch.

Ch. 231 sts. =1st row:= W.o.h. insert hook in 4th Ch. from hook and draw
loop through. (W.o.h. insert hook in same Ch. as last st. and draw loop
through) twice. W.o.h. Miss next Ch. Insert hook in next Ch. and draw loop
through. W.o.h. and draw loop through all 9 loops on hook. Ch. 1. (This
makes one group). *W.o.h. insert hook in same Ch. as last st. and draw loop
through. Repeat from * twice. W.o.h. Miss next Ch. Insert hook in next Ch.
and draw loop through. W.o.h. and draw loop through all 9 loops on hook.
Ch. 1. (thus completing 2nd group). Work 112 more groups across row. Ch. 2.
Turn. =2nd row:= W.o.h. insert hook in 3rd Ch. from hook and draw loop
through. (W.o.h. insert hook in same Ch. as last st. and draw loop through)
twice. W.o.h. Miss next st. Insert hook in next st. and draw loop through.
W.o.h. and draw loop through all 9 loops on hook. Ch. 1. (This makes one
group). W.o.h. insert hook in same st. as last st. and draw loop through.
Complete group and work 112 more groups across row. Ch. 2. Turn. Repeat 2nd
row until work measures 29 ins. from beginning. Proceed:-

Continue in pattern dec. 1. group at one edge only, every 3rd row 4 times.
(Note:- To dec. a group at beginning of row, omitting turning Ch. of
previous row, s.s. across 1st. group. Ch. 3. To dec. a group at end of row,
work to within last group. Ch. 2. Turn.). Dec. 1. group every alternate row
3 times, then every row 10 times. Dec. 2 groups at same end on each of next
2 rows. Fasten off.

TO MAKE UP: Press lightly. Bind edges with blanket binding, embroidering
with double feather stitching; leave embroidery open at both ends of curve.
Cut narrow ribbon in half and draw 1 piece through binding along curve;
pull out ends. Hold cover diagonally, curve at top. Measure off 9-1/2 ins.
down from top of curved edge on wrong side; mark with pin. With pins
complete a curve, having pin mark at centre and ending at outer edges of
curve. For casing, sew wider ribbon along this curve, leaving open for 1
inch at centre pin mark. Draw other piece of narrow ribbon through casing;
tack ends in place and draw a ribbon loop through opening at centre.

=(A) BABY'S COAT=--_Illustrated on opposite page_

  MATERIALS: =3 ply BEEHIVE FINGERING=. 2 ozs. Pink No. 2019. 1 oz. White.
  Two No. 10 Beehive Knitting Needles. Two Safety Pins. Length of Ribbon.
  One Stitch Holder.

MEASUREMENTS: Width all round at underarm 17 ins. Length from top of
shoulder 9 ins. Sleeve seam 5 ins.

Tension: 8 sts. and 10 rows = 1 inch.

PATTERN: =1st row:= With White wool. *K3. Sl. 1. knitways. Repeat from *
to last 3 sts. K3. =2nd row:= *K3. Bring wool to front of work as if to
purl. Sl. 1. purl ways. Put wool to back of work. Repeat from * to last 3
sts. K3. =3rd row:= As 1st. row. 4th row: As 2nd row. =5th, 6th, 7th and
8th rows:= With Pink wool, knit. These 8 rows complete one pattern.

The coat is worked in one piece to armhole. With Pink wool cast on 127 sts.
Knit 10 rows Garter st. =11th row:= K6. Leave these 6 sts. on safety pin.
Knit to last 6 sts. Leave these 6 sts. on 2nd safety pin. Working on
remaining 115 sts. work 9 complete patterns, then first 4 rows of 10th
pattern. Work now measures approx 5-1/2 ins. from beginning. =Next row:=
(5th pattern row). With Pink wool K27. Turn. Leave remaining sts. on st.
holder.

RIGHT FRONT: Work 6th, 7th and 8th rows of 10th pattern. Work 3 complete
patterns, then first 4 rows of 14th pattern.

=To shape neck:= At neck edge, with Pink wool cast off 12 sts. Knit to end
of row. Work last 3 rows of 14th pattern. Work 1 complete pattern, then
first 5 rows of 16th pattern. Cast off.

BACK: (5th pattern row). Join Pink wool and knit 61 sts. from st. holder.
Work last 3 rows of 10th pattern, dec. 1. st. each end of needle on last
row. Work 5 complete patterns, then first 5 rows of 16th pattern. Cast off.

LEFT FRONT: Work to correspond to Right Front, being careful to work neck
shaping for opposite side.

LEFT FRONT BORDER: With Pink wool pick up 6 sts. from safety pin and
continue in Garter st. until same length as Front. Leave these sts. on
safety pin.

RIGHT FRONT BORDER: With Pink wool pick up 6 sts. from safety pin and
continue in Garter st. until same length as Front, ending at neck edge.
Cast on 50 sts. Knit Left Front Border sts. onto end of same needle. 62
sts. on needle. Knit 3 rows Garter st. =Next row:= (eyelets) *K2. Wl. fwd.
K2tog. Repeat from * to last 2 sts. K2. Knit 3 rows Garter st. Cast off.

SLEEVES: With Pink wool cast on 47 sts. Knit 11 rows Garter st. Work 7
complete patterns, then first 7 rows of 8th pattern. Work now measures
approx. 5 ins. from beginning. Cast off.

TO MAKE UP: Press all pieces carefully being careful not to flatten Garter
st. Sew all seams. Sew borders along Fronts. Sew neckband around neck.
Thread ribbon through eyelets.


=(D) BABY'S MITTS=--_Illustrated on opposite page_

     MATERIALS: =3 ply BEEHIVE FINGERING=. 1/2 oz. each White and
     Pink No. 2019. Two No. 10 Beehive Knitting Needles. Length of
     Ribbon.

Tension: 8 sts. and 10 rows = 1 inch.

With Pink wool cast on 32 sts. =1st row:= K2. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end
of row. Repeat 1st. row for 2 ins. =Next row:= (eyelets). K2tog. *Wl. fwd.
K2tog. P1. K1. Repeat from * to last 2 sts. Wl. fwd. K2tog. 31 sts. on
needle. Knit 3 rows Garter st. Continuing in pattern as given for Coat,
(A), work 4 complete patterns.

=To shape top: 1st row:= With White wool, *K1. K2tog. Sl. 1. knitways.
Repeat from * to last 3 sts. K2tog. K1. =2nd row:= *K2. Bring wool to front
of work as if to purl. Sl. 1. purl ways. Put wool to back of work. Repeat
from * to last 2 sts. K2. =3rd row:= *K2tog. Sl. 1. knitways. Repeat from
* to last 2 sts. K2tog. =4th row:= *K1. Sl. 1. purl ways (as given in 2nd
row). Repeat from * to last st. K1. =5th row:= With Pink wool K2tog. to
last st. K1. =6th row:= Knit. Break wool. Thread end through remaining sts.
Draw up and fasten securely. Sew up seam. Thread ribbon through eyelets at
wrist. Make another mitt to correspond.


=(B) BABY'S BONNET=--_Illustrated on opposite page_

  MATERIALS: =3 ply BEEHIVE FINGERING=. 1 oz. each White and Pink No. 2019.
  Two No. 10 Beehive Knitting Needles. 2 yds. Ribbon.

MEASUREMENTS: Width all round brim (when stretched) 11 ins.

Tension: 8 sts. and 10 rows = 1 inch.

FRONT: With Pink wool cast on 67 sts. =1st row:= Knit. =2nd row:= K1.
K2tog. Knit to last 3 sts. K2tog. K1. Repeat 1st and 2nd rows 4 times.
=11th row:= K2. *K1. Inc. 1. st. in next st. Repeat from * to last 3 sts.
K3. 83 sts. on needle. Proceed in pattern as follows:-

**=1st row:= With White wool K1. K2tog. Sl. 1. knitways. *K3. Sl. 1.
knitways. Repeat from * to last 3 sts. K2tog. K1. =2nd row:= K2. *Bring
wool to front of work as if to purl. Sl. 1. purl ways. Put wool to
back of work. K3. Repeat from * to last 3 sts. Bring wool to front of
work as if to purl. Sl. 1. purl ways. Put wool to back of work. K2.
=3rd row:= K1. K2tog. Repeat from * 1st. pattern row to last 6 sts.
K3. K2tog. t.b.l. K1.=4th row:= K5. Repeat from * 2nd pattern row to
last 2 sts. K2. =5th row:= With Pink wool K1. K2tog. Knit to last 3
sts. K2tog. K1. =6th row:= Knit. =7th row:= As 5th row. =8th row:= As
6th row.** Repeat from ** to ** 4 times. 43 sts. on needle. Keeping
continuity of pattern dec. 1. st. each end of needle every row to 15
sts. on needle. Cast off.

BACK: With Pink wool cast on 57 sts. Work first 10 rows as given for Front.
47 sts. on needle. =11th row:= K9. Inc. 1. st. in each of next 28 sts. K10.
75 sts. on needle. Repeat from ** to ** as given for Front 6 times. 27 sts.
on needle. Keeping continuity of pattern dec. 1. st. each end of needle
every row to 15 sts. on needle. Cast off.

TO MAKE UP: Press pieces carefully. Sew the decreased edge of the Front to
the decreased edge of the Back. Make ribbon rosettes and sew to bonnet as
illustrated.


=(C) BABY'S SLIPPERS=--_Illustrated on opposite page_

     MATERIALS: =3 ply BEEHIVE FINGERING=. 1/2 oz. each White and
     Pink No. 2019. Two No. 12 Beehive Knitting Needles. Length of
     Ribbon.

Tension: 9 sts. and 11 rows = 1 inch.

With Pink wool, beginning with slipper sole, cast on 20 sts. =1st row:=
Knit. =2nd row:= Inc. 1. st. in 1st. st. Knit to last 2 sts. Inc. 1. st. in
next st. K1. Repeat 1st. and 2nd rows 4 times. 30 sts. on needle. =Next 2
rows:= Knit. Continue in Garter st. dec. 1. st. each end of needle on next
and every alternate row to 20 sts. on needle. =Next 2 rows:= Knit, casting
on 8 sts. at end of 2nd row for heel of slipper. =Next row:= Knit to last 2
sts. Inc. 1. st. in next. st. K1. This is for toe of slipper. Knit 3 rows
Garter st. inc. 1. st. at toe edge on 2nd row. Proceed:-

Beginning with 1st. pattern row as given for Coat, (A), continue inc. 1.
st. at toe edge on next and every alternate row to 34 sts. on needle ending
at heel edge. Break White wool. =Next row:= With Pink wool cast off 15 sts.
Join White wool. Cast off 1. st. Beginning with 1st. pattern row of Coat,
work to last 2 sts. Inc. 1. st. in next st. K1. Work 17 rows even in
pattern. =Next row:= Work in pattern to last 3 sts. K2tog. K1. (toe edge).
Work to heel edge. Break White wool. With Pink wool cast on 16 sts.
Continue in pattern dec. 1. st. at toe edge on next and every alternate row
to 28 sts. Knit 1 row. Cast off.

CUFF: With right side of work facing pick up and knit 42 sts. around ankle
of slipper. =1st row:= K2. *P1. K1. Repeat from to end of row. =2nd row:=
(eyelets). K2. *Wl. fwd. K2tog. P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row. Repeat
1st. row once. Work 8 rows Stocking st. Cast off. Make another slipper to
correspond.

TO MAKE UP: Join centre back seam. Put back point of sole to this seam and
sew sole into position. Sew up toe opening. Thread ribbon through eyelets
at ankle and tie as illustrated.




_The Layette_

[Illustration: (A) Coat--_See page 2_. (B) Bonnet--_See page 2_. (C)
Slippers--_See page 2_. (D) Mitts--_See page 2_. (E) Sleeping Suit--_See
page 4_. (F) Panties--_See page 49_. (G) Bootees--_See page 19_. (H)
Bootees--_See page 17_ _A Matching Pram Cover for A, B, C, D is shown on
page 24._]

=(E) BABY'S SLEEPING SUIT=--_Illustrated on page 3_

  MATERIALS: =3 ply BEEHIVE NON-SHRINK BABY WOOL=. 4 ozs. Two No. 11
  Beehive Knitting Needles. Two Stitch Holders. 10 Buttons.
  One Medium Crochet Hook.

MEASUREMENTS: Width all round at underarm 18 ins. Length from neck to
crotch at centre back 12 ins. Length of sleeve underarm seam (cuff turned
up) 5 ins. Length of leg seam including foot 8-1/2 ins.

Tension: 8-1/2 sts. and 10 rows = 1 inch.

BACK: Beginning at shoulder, cast on 50 sts. =1st row:= K4. *P2. K3. Repeat
from * to last st. K1. =2nd row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. Repeat these 2
rows until work measures 2 ins. from beginning ending with 2nd row.

=To shape armholes:= Keeping continuity of pattern inc. 1. st. each end of
needle on next and every alternate row to 62 sts. on needle, then cast on 5
sts. beginning next 2 rows. 72 sts. on needle. Continue even in pattern
until work measures 5 ins. from beginning ending with purl row. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K2. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row. Repeat 1st. row 5
times. =7th row:= (eyelets). K2. *Wl. fwd. K2tog. P1. K1. Repeat from * to
last 2 sts. Wl. fwd. K2tog. Repeat 1st. row 5 times. With right side of
work facing, proceed:-

=To shape back:= =1st row:= K42. Turn. =2nd row:= P12. Turn. =3rd row:=
K20. Turn. =4th row:= P28. Turn. =5th row:= K36. Turn. =6th row:= P44.
Turn. =7th row:= Knit to end of row. =8th row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1.
Leave these sts. on st. holder.

LEFT FRONT: Beginning at shoulder, cast on 16 sts. =1st row:= K1. P1. (K3.
P2) twice. K4. =2nd row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. Repeat these 2 rows
once. Proceed:-

=1st row:= (neck edge). K1. Inc. 1. st. in next st. (K3. P2) twice. K4.
=2nd row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. =3rd row:= K1. Inc. 1. st. in next st.
P1. (K3. P2) twice. K4. =4th row:= As 2nd row. =5th row:= K2. P2. (K3. P2)
twice. K4. Repeat 4th and 5th rows once. =8th row:= K1. Purl to end of row.
Cast on 10 sts. =9th row:= K7. *P2. K3. Repeat from * to last 6 sts. P2.
K4. =10th row:= K1. Purl to last 7 sts. K7. Repeat 9th and 10th rows until
work measures 2 ins. from beginning ending with 10th row.

=To shape armhole:= Keeping continuity of pattern, at armhole edge inc. 1.
st. every alternate row 6 times, then cast on 5 sts. once. 39 sts. on
needle. Continue even in pattern until work measures 5 ins. from beginning
ending at Front edge. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K8. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to last st. K1. =2nd row:= *K1. P1.
Repeat from * to last 7 sts. K7. Repeat 1st. and 2nd rows twice. =7th row:=
(eyelets). K8. *Wl. fwd. K2tog. P1. K1. Repeat from * to last 3 sts. Wl.
fwd. K2tog. K1. Repeat 2nd row once, then 1st. and 2nd rows twice. =Next
row:= Knit. Leave these sts. on st. holder.

RIGHT FRONT: Beginning at shoulder, cast on 16 sts. =1st row:= K4. (P2. K3)
twice. P1. K1. =2nd row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. Repeat these 2 rows
once. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K4. P2. K3. P2. K2. Inc. 1. st. in next st. P1. K1. (neck edge).
=2nd row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. =3rd row:= K4. (P2. K3) twice. Inc. 1.
st. in next st. K2. =4th row:= As 2nd row. =5th row:= K1. *K3. P2. Repeat
from * to last 2 sts. K2. Repeat 4th and 5th rows once, casting on 10 sts.
at end of last row. =8th row:= K7. Purl to last st. K1. =9th row:= (1st.
buttonhole). K1. *K3, P2. Repeat from * to last 7 sts. K3. Wl. fwd. K2tog.
K2. =10th row:= As 8th row. =11th row:= K1. *K3. P2. Repeat from * to last
7 sts. K7. Keeping continuity of pattern and working a buttonhole in Garter
st. border at Front edge every 10th row, continue to correspond to Left
Front until work measures 5 ins. from beginning ending at side edge.
Proceed:-

=1st row:= K2. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to last 7 sts. K7. =2nd row:= K7.
*P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row. Repeat 1st. and 2nd rows twice. =7th
row:= (eyelets). K2. *Wl. fwd. K2tog. P1, K1. Repeat from * to last 9 sts.
Wl. fwd. K2tog. K3. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K2. Repeat 2nd row once, then 1st. and
2nd rows twice. =Next row:= Knit. With wrong side of work facing,
proceed:-

=1st row:= K7. P32. of Right Front. P72. of Back. P32. K7. of Left Front.
150 sts. on needle. =2nd row:= Knit. =3rd row:= K7. Purl to last 7 sts. K7.
Still working buttonholes in Garter st. border at Right Front as before,
repeat 2nd and 3rd rows for 4 ins. ending with knit row. =Next row:= Cast
off 3 sts. Purl to last 7 sts. K7. =Next row:= Cast off 3 sts. Knit to end
of row. =Next row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. Continue even in Stocking st.
until work measures 6 ins. from bottom of ribbing at Front, ending with
purl row. Proceed:-

K72. Turn. Leave remaining 72 sts. on st. holder. **Working on these 72
sts. continue in Stocking st. dec. 1. st. each end of needle on next and
every following 4th row to 40 sts. on needle. Continue even until leg seam
measures 7 ins. ending with purl row.** Proceed:-

=To make foot:= =1st row:= K19. Turn. =2nd row:= K1. P13. K1. Turn. =3rd
row:= K15. Turn. Repeat 2nd and 3rd rows 8 times, then 2nd row once. =21st
row:= K1. K2tog. K9. K2tog. K1. =22nd row:= K1. P11. K1. =23rd row:= K1.
K2tog. K7. K2tog. K1. Break wool. Join wool at inside edge where the 21
sts. were left and knit to end of row. =Next row:= K21. Pick up and knit 14
sts. along side of foot. Knit the 11 sts. across the toe. Pick up and knit
14 sts. along the other side of foot and knit the 4 sts. which were left.
64 sts. on needle. Knit 9 rows Garter st. Proceed:-

=To shape toe:= K23. (K2tog.) twice. K28. (K2tog.) twice. K5. =2nd row:=
Knit. =3rd row:= K22. (K2tog.) twice. K26. (K2tog.) twice. K4. Knit 2 rows
Garter st. Cast off.

Join wool to remaining 72 sts. and continue in Stocking st. repeating from
** to ** as given for other leg. Proceed:-

=To make foot:= =1st row:= K36. Turn. =2nd row:= K1. P13. K1. Turn. =3rd
row:= K15. Turn. Repeat 2nd and 3rd rows 8 times, then 2nd row once. =21st
row:= K1. K2tog. K9. K2tog. K1. =22nd row:= K1. P11. K1. =23rd row:= K1.
K2tog. K7. K2tog. K1. Break wool. Join wool at inside edge where 4 sts.
were left. K4. =Next row:= K4. Pick up and knit 14 sts. along side of foot.
Knit the 11 sts. across the toe. Pick up and knit 14 sts. along other side
of foot. Knit the 21 sts. which were left. 64 sts. on needle. Knit. 9 rows
Garter st. Proceed:-

=To shape toe:= K5. (K2tog.) twice. K28. (K2tog.) twice. K23. =2nd row:=
Knit. =3rd row:= K4. (K2tog.) twice. K26. (K2tog.) twice. K22. Knit 2 rows
Garter st. Cast off.

SLEEVES: Cast on 32 sts. Knit 18 rows Garter st. =19th row:= K2. *P1. K1.
Repeat from * to end of row. Repeat 19th row 13 times. =Next row:= K1.
*Inc. 1. st. in next st. purl ways. P2. Repeat from * to last 4 sts. P1.
Inc. 1. st. in each of next 2 sts. purl ways. K1. 43 sts. on needle.
Proceed:-

=1st row:= *K3. P2. Repeat from * to last 3 sts. K3. =2nd row:= K1. Purl to
last st. K1. Repeat these 2 rows until sleeve measures 5 ins. (cuff turned
up) ending with purl row.

=To shape cap:= *Keeping continuity of pattern, cast off 2 sts. beginning
next 2 rows then 1. st. beginning following 2 rows.* Repeat from * to * to
13 sts. on needle. Cast off remaining sts.

COLLAR: Cast on 16 sts. Knit 8 ins. even in Garter st. Cast off.

TO MAKE UP: Press all pieces carefully. Sew all seams. Sew in sleeves. Sew
collar in position placing the ends 2 sts. from the edge of each front. Sew
the cast-off sts. in position at Front. Sew buttons to correspond to
buttonholes. With double wool crochet a cord. Thread through eyelets at
waist. Make and sew a tassel to each end.

[Illustration: BB Logo]




_Needles and Tension_ USED IN THIS BOOK


     To make it easy for you the following paragraph shows you how
     to use the Needle and Tension charts below.

For example: BABY'S CROSS-OVER PULLOVER (See page 16)

    Wool         3 ply Beehive.       Size        3 mos.
    Needles      No. 11.              Tension     8-1/2 sts.

(The * shows how this reading was made)

              WOOLS USED and the SIZES OF NEEDLES USED FOR
                                      +----+----+----+----+-----+-----
                                      | *3 | 6  | 9  | 1  |1-1/2|  2
                                      |mos.|mos.|mos.|Year|years|years
    ----------------------------------+----+----+----+----+-----+-----
    3 ply Beehive Non-Shrink Baby Wool| 13 | 12 | 11 | 13 |  12 |  11
    2 ply Beehive Fingering           | 12 | 11 | 10 |    |     |
    *3 ply Beehive Fingering          |*11 | 10 |  9 | 11 |  10 |   9
    4 ply Beehive Fingering           | 10 |  9 |  8 | 10 |   9 |   8
    4 ply Miss Canada Andalusian      | 11 | 10 |  9 |    |     |
    4 ply Miss Canada Fingering       | 10 |  9 |  8 | 10 |   9 |   8
    Miss Canada Crochet-Knitting Wool | 10 |  9 |  8 | 10 |   9 |   8
    Beehive Lustre Crepe              |    |    |    | 11 |  10 |   9
    Fuzzy Wuzzy Angora                |  9 |  8 |  7 |    |     |
    ----------------------------------+----+----+----+----+-----+-----

=TENSION:= When using the above wools and needles, be sure your work
measures the exact tension as given below:

                                          For each size of needle
                                          used, the correct number
    WOOLS USED            SIZE OF NEEDLES of stitches to 1 inch is
                                          given below. Work to
                                          produce this tension exactly.
                            +-----+-----+-----+-----+------+-----+-----
                            |  7  |  8  |  9  | 10  |  11  | 12  | 13
                            +-----+-----+-----+-----+------+-----+-----
  3 ply Beehive Non-Shrink  |     |     |     |     |      |     |
          Baby Wool         |     |     |     |     | 8-1/2|9    |9-1/2
  2 ply Beehive Fingering   |     |     |     |     | 8-1/2|9    |9-1/2
  3 ply Beehive Fingering   |     |     |7-1/2|8    |*8-1/2|     |
  4 ply Beehive Fingering   |     |6-1/2|7    |7-1/2|      |     |
  4 ply Miss Canada         |     |     |     |     |      |     |
          Andalusian        |     |     |7-1/2|8    | 8-1/2|     |
  4 ply Miss Canada         |     |     |     |     |      |     |
          Fingering         |     |6-1/2|7    |7-1/2|      |     |
  Miss Canada               |     |     |     |     |      |     |
    Crochet-Knitting Wool   |     |6-1/2|7    |7-1/2|      |     |
  Beehive Lustre Crepe      |     |     |6-1/2|7    |7-1/2 |     |
  Fuzzy Wuzzy Angora        |5-1/2|6    |6-1/2|     |      |     |
                            +-----+-----+-----+-----+------+-----+-----
                                     NO. OF STITCHES TO 1 INCH

                            BED JACKETS
    ----------------------------------------------------------
        WOOLS USED                        SIZE OF NEEDLES
                                      +-------+-------+-------
                                      | Bust  | Bust  | Bust
                                      |34 ins.|36 ins.|38 ins.
    ----------------------------------+-------+-------+-------
    4 ply Beehive Fingering           |  10   |   9   |   8
    4 ply Miss Canada Andalusian      |  11   |  10   |   9
    Beehive Lustre Crepe              |  11   |  10   |   9
    Miss Canada Crochet-Knitting Wool |  10   |   9   |   8

As baby garments and bedjackets are more loosely fitted than tailored
garments a change of size in needles is satisfactory for change in size
of garment.


=BABY'S CROCHETED JACKET--"PEGGY"=--_Opposite_--_also illustrated on
page 56_

  MATERIALS: =3 ply BEEHIVE NON-SHRINK BABY WOOL=. 3 ozs. Sky Blue.
  (_6 mos.--3 ozs._) (_9 mos.--4 ozs._). One No. 1 Steel Crochet Hook.
  (American Gauge). 2/3 yd. Ribbon 1 inch wide. 1 yd. Ribbon 1/2 inch wide.

  MEASUREMENTS:                   =3 mos.=    =6 mos.=    =9 mos.=
  Width all round at underarm      18    ins.   19    ins.  19-1/2 ins.
  Length from top of shoulder       9-1/2 "     10     "    10      "
  Length of sleeve underarm seam    5     "      5-1/2 "     6-1/2  "

Tension and Shell Pattern as given for Crocheted Bonnet, see next column.

_The instructions are written for size 3 mos. Sizes 6 and 9 mos. are
written in brackets thus:- =(    )=._

Beginning at neck edge Ch. 48 sts. =1st row:= 1. s.c. in 2nd Ch. from hook.
1. s.c. in next Ch. 3. s.c. in next Ch. (Left Front shoulder). 1. s.c. in
next 7 Ch. 3. s.c. in next. Ch. (Left Back shoulder). 1. s.c. in next 25
Ch. 3. s.c. in next Ch. (Right Back shoulder). 1. s.c. in next 7 Ch. 3.
s.c. in next Ch. (Right Front shoulder). 1. s.c. in next 2 Ch. Ch. 3.
Turn.= 2nd row:= 1. s.c. in 2nd Ch. from hook. 1. s.c. in next Ch. (2
increases). 1. s.c. in next 3. s.c. 3. s.c. in next s.c. *1. s.c. in each
s.c. to centre st. of next 3. s.c. group. 3. s.c. in next s.c. Repeat from
* twice. 1. s.c. in next 3. s.c. Insert hook again in last s.c. of previous
row. Draw loop through. W.o.h. draw through another loop. (thus making
foundation Ch.). W.o.h. draw through remaining 2 loops. (1. s.c.
increased). Insert hook in foundation Ch. just made and increase 1 more
s.c. in same manner. Ch. 3. Turn. Continue in s.c. inc. 2. sts. at each end
of row and working 3. s.c. in centre st. of each 3. s.c. group, every row,
6 times. Omitting increases at each end of row, continue in s.c. as before
until work from beginning measures 2-1/2 ins. =(=_6 mos.--2-3/4 ins._=)=
=(=_9 mos.--3 ins._=)= ending at Left Front edge. Do not break wool.

LEFT FRONT: Work in shell pattern to centre s.c. of next 3. s.c. group. Ch.
1. Turn. Continue even in pattern until shell section measures 6 ins. =(=_6
mos.--6-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--6-1/2 ins._=)=. Fasten off.

RIGHT FRONT: Join wool at Right Front edge and work to correspond to Left
Front.

BACK: Join wool to centre s.c. of the 3. s.c. group at right and work in
pattern across Back to corresponding st. at left. Continue even in pattern
until shell section measures 6 ins. =(=_6 mos.--6-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_9
mos.--6-1/2 ins._=)=. Fasten off.

SLEEVES: Join wool to centre s.c. of 3. s.c. group at right of shoulder
section and work in pattern across armhole to corresponding point at left.
Ch. 1. Turn. Work 5 ins. even in shell pattern. =(=_6 mos.--5-1/2 ins._=)=
=(=_9 mos.--6-1/2 ins._=)=. Fasten off.

COLLAR: Join wool at Right Front edge. Work 2 rows s.c. along neck edge.
=3rd row:= Work in s.c. increasing 5. s.c. across row. Repeat 3rd row 4
times, being careful not to increase over the increased sts. of previous
rows. =Next row:= *Work 3 shells. (1. s.c. 1. d.c. 1. s.c.) in next s.c. 1.
s.s. in next s.c. (This increases 1 shell). Repeat from * to end of row.
Work 5 rows even in shell pattern. Fasten off.

Make up as given for "Margaret", see page 56.

       *       *       *       *       *


=CROCHETED COVER=--_Continued from page 7_

Press carefully on wrong side. Thread ribbon over and under groups in
centre of cover to form a diamond 11 ins. across between points. Sew ends
of ribbon on wrong side. Thread a 2nd row of ribbon outside this row 1-1/2
ins. from it. Cut remaining ribbon into 4 pieces. Sew cut edges of one
piece together. Sew a gathering thread along one long edge and draw up
forming a rosette. Sew rosettes between ribbon rows at corners of diamonds.


=CROCHETED BONNET=--_Illustrated on opposite page_

  MATERIALS: =3 ply BEEHIVE NON-SHRINK BABY WOOL=. 1 oz. Sky Blue. One
  No. 1 Steel Crochet Hook. (American Gauge). 2-1/2 yds. Ribbon
  1 inch wide. 2/3 yd. Ribbon 1/2 inch wide.

  MEASUREMENTS:            =3 mos.=     =6 mos.=    =9 mos.=
  Width all round brim    11-1/2 ins.    13 ins.    14 ins.

  Tension: 8 s.c. and 8 rows = 1 inch
           2 shells and 6 rows = 1 inch

_The instructions are written for size 3 mos. Sizes 6 and 9 mos. are
written in brackets thus:- =(    )=._

Beginning at centre of crown Ch. 2 sts. =1st round:= 6. s.c. in 2nd Ch.
from hook. Join in circle with s.s. =2nd round:= 2. s.c. in each s.c. =3rd
round:= *1. s.c. in next s.c. 2. s.c. in next s.c. Repeat from * to end of
round. =4th round:= *1. s.c. in each of next 2. s.c. 2. s.c. in next s.c.
Repeat from * to end of round. =5th round:= *1. s.c. in each of next 3.
s.c. 2. s.c. in next s.c. Repeat from * to end of round. (This makes 6
sections). Continue in s.c. working 1 more s.c. in each section until work
measures 5 ins. in diameter, =(=_6 mos.--5-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--6
ins._=)=, ending last round with s.s. in 1st st. of round. Working in rows
proceed in shell pattern.--

=1st row:= *Miss 1. st. (1. s.c. 1. d.c. 1. s.c.) all in next st. Miss 1.
st. s.s. in next st. (This makes 1 shell). Repeat from * across 5 sections,
(the 6th section forms the back of the bonnet). Ch. 1. Turn. =2nd row:= (1.
s.c. 1. d.c. 1. s.c.) in 1st s.s. 1. s.s. in d.c. of next shell. *(1. s.c.
1. d.c. 1. s.c) in next s.s. (between shells of previous row). 1. s.s. in
d.c. of next shell. Repeat from * to end of row, ending with s.s. in d.c.
of last shell. Ch. 1. Turn. Repeat 2nd row (for pattern) until shell
section measures 3-1/2 ins. =(=_6 mos.--4 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--4-1/2
ins._=)=. Fasten off.

TO MAKE UP: Cut 1/2 inch ribbon into a 13 inch piece and an 11 inch piece.
Thread the 13 inch piece through the shells 1 inch from front edge of
bonnet and sew in position. Thread the 11 inch piece through the shells at
the neck edge and the s.c. portion of the crown, easing in back fullness
and sew in position. Make rosettes and streamers with the 1 inch ribbon and
sew to bonnet as illustrated.


=CROCHETED BOOTIES=--_Illustrated on opposite page_

     MATERIALS: =3 ply BEEHIVE NON-SHRINK BABY WOOL=. 1 oz. Sky
     Blue. One No. 1 Steel Crochet Hook. (American Gauge). Length of
     Ribbon 1/4 inch wide.

Tension and Shell Pattern as given for Crocheted Bonnet, see above.

_The instructions are written for 3 mos. size. Sizes 6 and 9 mos. are
written in brackets thus:- =(    )=._

Ch. 37 sts. =(=_6 mos.--41 sts._=)= =(=_9 mos.--45 sts._=)=. Work 9 shells
=(=_6 mos.--10 shells_=)= =(=_9 mos.--11 shells_=)= across row. Continue in
shell pattern as given for Crocheted Bonnet until work measures 2-1/2 ins.
Fasten off. (Top edge of bootee). Join wool at lower edge and work 32 d.c.
=(=_6 mos.--36 d.c._=)= =(=_9 mos.--40 d.c._=)= across row. Break wool.

=To make instep:= Mark centre front of bootee. Join wool to 4th st. before
the centre. =1st row:= Ch. 1. Work 8 s.c. across centre of bootee. Ch. 1.
Turn. Work 1 inch even in s.c. on these 8 sts. Fasten off.

=To make foot:= Sew seam at back of leg. Join wool at centre back. Work 1
round s.c. around lower edge of bootee, working 3 s.c. in both corners of
instep. Working in rounds of s.c. continue even until foot measures 1 inch.
Fasten off.

=To make sole:= Beginning at centre Ch. 17 sts. =(=_6 mos.--19 sts._=)=
=(=_9 mos.--21 sts._=)=. =1st round:= 1. s.c. in 2nd Ch. from hook. 1. s.c.
in each Ch. to last Ch. 3. s.c. in last Ch. Working along opposite side of
Ch. work 1. s.c. in each Ch. to end. 3. s.c. in end of Ch. Join with s.s.
=2nd round:= Ch. 3. 1. d.c. in each s.c. working 5. d.c. in centre of each
3 s.c. group. =3rd and 4th rounds:= Ch. 3. 1. d.c. in each d.c. working 5
d.c. in centre of each 5 d.c. group. Fasten off.

TO MAKE UP: Place edges of sole and foot together. Work 1 row s.c. closely
along edges, through both thicknesses. Thread ribbon through the row of
d.c. at ankle.




_Sweethearts on Parade_

FROM PAGE 7 TO PAGE 18 GARMENTS CAN BE MADE FOR 3, 6 AND 9 MONTHS

[Illustration: Cover and Mitts--_See below_ Bonnet, Bootees--_See page 6._
Jacket "Peggy"--_See page 6._]


=CROCHETED COVER=

  MATERIALS: 3 ply =BEEHIVE NON-SHRINK BABY WOOL=. 9 ozs. Sky
  Blue. One No. 1 Steel Crochet Hook. (American Gauge). 3-1/2 yds.
  Ribbon 1/2 inch wide.

  MEASUREMENTS: 29 ins. × 31 ins.

  Tension:   5 groups = 2 ins.
             6 rows (3 group rows and 3 s.c. rows) = 1 inch.

Ch. 190 sts. =1st row:= 1. s.c. in 2nd Ch. from hook. 1. s.c. in each Ch.
to end of row. Ch. 2. Turn. =2nd row:= Insert hook in 1st. s.c. (draw
through a 1/2 inch loop. W.o.h. insert hook in same s.c.) twice. Draw loop
through. W.o.h. and through all 6 loops on hook. (This makes 1 group).
*Miss 2. s.c. 1. s.c. in next s.c. Ch. 2. Insert hook in same s.c. and
complete 1 group. Repeat from * to end of row, ending with 1. s.c. in last
s.c. Ch. 1. Turn. =3rd row:= (right side). 1. s.c. in 1st. s.c. *2. s.c. in
next Ch. 2. 1. s.c. in next s.c. Repeat from * to end of row, ending with
2. s.c. in the Ch. 2. of last group. Ch. 2. Turn. Repeat 2nd and 3rd rows
until work measures 29 ins. from beginning, ending with 2nd row. With right
side of work facing, work around cover in s.c. for 1 inch, increasing at
corners to keep work flat. =Next round:= Ch. 2. Repeat 2nd pattern row
around cover. Join to beginning of round with s.s. Fasten off.

(_Continued on page 6_)


CROCHETED MITTS

     MATERIALS: =3 ply BEEHIVE NON-SHRINK BABY WOOL=. 1 oz. Sky
     Blue. One No. 1 Steel Crochet Hook. (American Gauge). Length of
     Ribbon 1/4 inch wide

Tension and Shell Pattern as given for Crocheted Bonnet, see page 6.

_The instructions are written for size 3 mos. Sizes 6 and 9 mos. are
written in brackets thus:- =(    )=._

Beginning at top Ch. 4 sts. Join with s.s. =1st round:= 10 s.c. in circle.
=2nd round:= *2. s.c. in 1st st. 1. s.c. in next st. Repeat from * to end
of round. =3rd and alternate rounds:= 1. s.c. in each st. to end of round.
=4th round:= *2. s.c. in 1st st. 1. s.c. in each of next 2 sts. Repeat from
* to end of round. 6th round: *2. s.c. in 1st st. 1. s.c. in each of next 3
sts. Repeat from * to end of round. (This makes 5 sections). Continue inc.
1. s.c. in each section every alternate round twice more. =(=_6 mos.--3
times more_=)= =(=_9 mos.--4 times more_=)=. Continue even in rounds of
s.c. until work measures 2-3/4 ins. from beginning. =(=_6 mos.--3 ins._=)=
=(=_9 mos.--3-1/4 ins._=)=. Ch. 2. Work 1 round d.c. Working backwards and
forwards work 2 ins. even in shell pattern as given for Crocheted Bonnet.
Fasten off. Sew up seam of cuff. Thread ribbon through the row of d.c. at
wrist. Make another mitt to correspond.




_Sweethearts on Parade_

MORE BABY JACKETS ARE SHOWN ON PAGES 51 TO 59

[Illustration:

    (=A=) =Boy's Coat=--_See page 9._
    (=B=) =Coat--=-_See page 62._
    (=C=) =Girl's Coat=--_See page 9._
    (=D=) =Boy's Cap=--_See page 17._
    (=E=) =Girl's Bonnet=--_See page 17._
    (=F=) =Pullover=--_See page 17._
    (=G=) =Mitts=--_See page 27._
    (=H=) =Leggings--=-_See page 10._
    (=I=) =Boy's Cap--=-_See page 10._
    (=J=) =Girl's Bonnet=--_See page 10._
    (=K=) =Pullover=--_See page 11._]




(=C=) =GIRL'S COAT=--_Illustrated on opposite page_

  MATERIALS: =4 ply MISS CANADA FINGERING=. 4 ozs. Cascade No. 301.
  3 Buttons.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:                     =3 mos.=     =6 mos.=   =9 mos.=
  Width all round at underarm       19    ins.   20  ins.  21    ins.
  Length at centre back             12-1/2 "     13   "    13-1/2 "
  Length of sleeve underarm seam    5-1/2  "      6   "     7     "

RIGHT FRONT: Cast on 57 sts. =1st row:= K1. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end
of row. Repeat 1st. row 11 times. =13th row:= K1. (P1. K1) 3 times. (Moss
st. border). Knit to end of row. =14th row:= K1. Purl to last 7 sts. (K1.
P1) 3 times. K1. Repeat last 2 rows until work measures 6-1/2 ins. from
beginning ending with 14th row. Proceed:-

=1st row.= K1. (P1. K1) 3 times. (K3tog.) 5 times. (K3tog. K2tog.) 4 times.
(K3tog.) 5 times. =2nd row:= K1. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row.
Repeat 2nd row twice. =5th row:= (buttonhole) K1. P1. K1. Wl. fwd. K2tog.
*P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row. Repeat 2nd row 5 times. =11th row:=
K1. (P1. K1) 3 times. K1. Inc. 1. st. in next st. *(Inc. 1. st. in next
st.) twice. K1. Repeat from * to last 4 sts. (Inc. 1. st. in next st.) 3
times. K1. 37 sts. on needle. =12th row:= K1. Purl to last 7 sts. (K1. P1)
3 times. K1. =13th row:= K1. (P1. K1) 3 times. Knit to end of row. Repeat
12th and 13th rows once, then 12th row once.

=To shape armhole:= =1st row:= K1. (P1. K1) 3 times. Knit to last 3 sts.
K2tog. K1. =2nd row:= K1. Purl to last 7 sts. (K1. P1) 3 times. K1. Repeat
1st. and 2nd rows twice. =7th row:= (buttonhole) K1. P1. K1. Wl. fwd.
K2tog. P1. K1. Knit to last 3 sts. K2tog. K1. Keeping Moss st. border and
working a 3rd buttonhole 17 rows above 2nd, continue dec. 1. st. at armhole
edge every alternate row to 24 sts. on needle.

=To shape neck:= At neck edge cast off 8 sts. Knit to last 3 sts. K2tog.
K1. =2nd row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. Continue dec. 1. st. each end of
needle every alternate row to 3 sts. on needle ending with knit row. =Next
row:= K1. P1. K1. =Next row:= K3tog. Fasten off.

LEFT FRONT: Cast on 57 sts. =1st row:= K1. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of
row. Repeat 1st. row 11 times. =13th row:= Knit to last 7 sts. (K1. P1) 3
times. K1. =14th row:= K1. (P1. K1) 3 times. Purl to last st. K1. Being
careful to have border at opposite side, continue to correspond to Right
Front until work measures 6-1/2 ins. from beginning ending with purl row.
Proceed:-

=1st row:= (K3tog.) 5 times. (K2tog. K3tog.) 4 times. (K3tog.) 5 times.
(K1. P1) 3 times. K1. =2nd row:= K1. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row.
Repeat 2nd row 8 times. =11th row:= K1. (Inc. 1. st. in next st.) 3 times.
*K1. (Inc. 1. st. in next st.) twice. Repeat from * to last 9 sts. Inc. 1.
st. in next st. K1. (K1. P1) 3 times. K1. 37 sts. on needle. Continue to
correspond to Right Front, omitting buttonholes and being careful to have
all shapings and border at opposite side.

BACK: Cast on 107 sts. =1st row:= K1. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row.
Repeat 1st. row 11 times. Continue even in Stocking st. until work measures
6-1/2 ins. from beginning ending with purl row. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K3tog. *(K3tog. K2tog.) 3 times. K3tog. Repeat from * to last 14
sts. K3tog. K2tog. (K3tog.) 3 times. 41 sts. on needle. =2nd row:= K1. *P1.
K1. Repeat from * to end of row. Repeat 2nd row 8 times. =11th row:= K1.
*K1. (Inc. 1. st. in next st.) twice. Repeat from * to last 4 sts. K1. Inc.
1. st. in next st. K2. 66 sts. on needle. Work 5 rows even in Stocking st.
=6th row:= K1. K2tog. Knit to last 3 sts. K2tog. K1. =7th row:= K1. Purl to
last st. K1. Repeat 6th and 7th rows to 24 sts. on needle. Cast off.

SLEEVES: Cast on 29 sts. Work exactly as given for Boy's Coat, see next
column.

COLLAR: Cast on 11 sts. Work exactly as given for Boy's Coat, see next
column.

TO MAKE UP: Press all pieces carefully. Sew all seams. Sew in sleeves. Sew
collar in position, placing the ends 3 sts. in from edges of fronts. Sew
buttons to correspond to buttonholes.


(=A=) =BOY'S COAT=--_Illustrated on opposite page_

  MATERIALS: =4 ply MISS CANADA FINGERING=. 4 ozs. Cascade No. 301.
  6 Buttons.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

MEASUREMENTS: Width all round at underarm and sleeve length, as given for
Girl's Coat, (C). Length at centre back 1/2 inch less than Girl's Coat,
each size.

LEFT FRONT: Cast on 43 sts. =1st row:= K1. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of
row. Repeat 1st. row 11 times. =13th row:= Knit to last 7 sts. K1. (P1. K1)
3 times. =14th row:= K1. (P1. K1) 3 times. (Moss st. border). Purl to last
st. K1. Repeat last 2 rows until work from beginning measures 5-1/2. ins.
=(=_6 mos.--6 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--6-1/2 ins._=)= ending with purl row.
=Next row:= (buttonholes) K27. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K8. P1. K1. Wl. fwd. K2tog.
P1. K1. Continue even until work measures 6-1/2 ins. from beginning ending
with purl row.

=To shape armhole:= Keeping Moss st. border and working 2 more buttonholes
17 rows apart, at armhole edge dec. 1, st. every alternate row to 28 sts.
on needle, ending with knit row.

=To shape neck:= =1st row:= Cast off 15 sts. K1. Purl to last st. K1. =2nd
row:= K1. K2tog. Knit to last 3 sts. K2tog. K1. =3rd row:= K1. Purl to last
st. K1. Repeat 2nd and 3rd rows 3 times. =10th row:= K1. (K2tog.) twice.
=11th row:= K1. P1. K1. =12th row:= K3tog. Fasten off.

RIGHT FRONT: Cast on 43 sts. =1st row:= K1. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end
of row. Repeat 1st. row 11 times. =13th row:= K1. *(P1. K1) 3 times. Knit
to end of row. =14th row:= K1. Purl to last 7 sts. K1. (P1. K1) 3 times.
Keeping Moss st. border, continue to correspond to Left Front, omitting
buttonholes and being careful to have all shapings for opposite side.

BACK: Cast on 67 sts. =1st row:= K1. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row.
Repeat 1st. row 11 times, dec. 1. st. at end of last row. Continue even in
Stocking st. until work measures 6-1/2 ins. from beginning ending with purl
row.

=To shape armholes:= Dec. 1. st. each end of needle next and every
alternate row to 24 sts. on needle. Cast off.

SLEEVES: Cast on 29 sts. =1st row:= K1 *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of
row. Repeat 1st. row 12 times. =Next row:= K1. P1. *Inc. 1 st. in next st.
P3. Repeat from * to last 3 sts. Inc. 1. st. in next st. P1. K1. 36 sts. on
needle. Continue in Stocking st. inc. 1. st. each end of needle every
following 6th row to 48 sts. on needle. Continue even until sleeve from
beginning measures 5-1/2 ins. =(=_6 mos.--6 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--7 ins._=)=
ending with purl row. Dec. 1. st. each end of needle next and every
alternate row to 6 sts. Cast off.

COLLAR: Cast on 11 sts. =1st row:= *K1. P1. Repeat from * to last 3 sts.
K1. Inc. 1. st. in next st. purl ways. K1. =2nd row:= K2. *P1. K1. Repeat
from * to end of row. =3rd row:= *K1. P1. Repeat from * to last 2 sts. Inc.
1. st. in next st. K1. =4th row:= K1. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row.
Repeat these 4 rows twice, then 4th row once. Proceed:-

**=1st row:= (K1. P1) 7 times. Turn. =2nd row:= (P1. K1) 7 times. Work 4
rows Moss st.** Repeat from ** to ** 15 times, then 1st. and 2nd rows once.
Proceed:-

=1st row:= K1. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row. =2nd row:= *K1. P1.
Repeat from * to last 3 sts. K2tog. K1. =3rd row:= K2. *P1. K1. Repeat from
* to end of row. =4th row:= *K1. P1. Repeat from * to last 4 sts. K1.
P2tog. K1. Repeat 1st. to 4th rows twice. Cast off.

TO MAKE UP: Press all pieces carefully. Sew all seams. Sew in sleeves. Sew
collar in position, placing the ends 10 sts. in from edges of fronts. Sew
buttons to correspond to buttonholes.

[Illustration: BBLogo]


(=H=) =GIRL'S OR BOY'S LEGGINGS=

_Illustrated on page 8_

  MATERIALS: =4 ply MISS CANADA FINGERING=. 3 ozs. Cascade, No. 301.
  One Stitch Holder. One Medium Crochet Hook.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:           =3 mos.=      =6 mos.=      =9 mos.=
  Length of front seam    7    ins.    7-1/2 ins.     8    ins.
  Length of leg seam
  (including foot)        9-1/2 "     10      "      10-1/2 "

Cast on 144 sts. =1st row:= K2. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row.
Repeat 1st. row 3 times. =5th row:= (eyelets) K2. *Wl. fwd. K2tog. (P1. K1)
twice. Repeat from * to last 4 sts. Wl. fwd. K2tog. P1. K1. Repeat 1st. row
5 times. Proceed:-

=To shape back:= K78. Turn. =2nd row:= P12. Turn. =3rd row:= K18. Turn.
=4th row:= P24. Turn. Continue in this manner, that is working over 6 more
sts. in every row until 18 sts. remain unworked at each end of needle.
Proceed:-

=1st row:= Knit. =2nd row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. =3rd row:= Knit.
Repeat 2nd and 3rd rows until work measures 7 ins. =(=_6 mos.--7-1/2
ins_.=)= =(=_9 mos.--8 ins._=)= from beginning, measured at short side of
work, ending with purl row. =Next row:= K72. Turn. Leave remaining 72 sts.
on st. holder. Working on these 72 sts. continue in Stocking st. dec. 1.
st. each end of needle every alternate row to 32 sts. Work 10 rows even.

=To make foot:= =1st row:= K2. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row. Repeat
1st. row 7 times. =9th row:= K19. P10. Turn. =10th row:= K10. =11th row:=
K1. P8. K1. Turn. Repeat 10th and 11th rows 8 times. =28th row:= K1. K2tog.
K4. K2tog. K1. =29th row:= K1. P6. K1. =30th row:= K1. K2tog. K2. K2tog.
K1. =31st row:= K1. P4. K1. Break wool. Joining the wool where the 3 sts.
were left. K3. =Next row:= K3. Pick up and knit 14 sts. along side of foot.
Knit the 6 sts. across the toe. Pick up and knit 14 sts. along other side
of foot. Knit the 19 sts. which were left. 56 sts. on needle. Knit 9 rows
Garter st. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K19. (K2tog.) twice. K24. (K2tog.) twice. K5. =2nd row:= Knit.
=3rd row:= K18. (K2tog.) twice. K22. (K2tog.) twice. K4. Knit 2 rows Garter
st. Cast off.

Join wool where the 72 sts. were left and continue in Stocking st. dec. 1.
st. each end of needle on 3rd and every alternate row to 32 sts. Work 10
rows even. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K2. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row. Repeat 1st. row 7
times. =9th row:= K3. P10. Turn. =10th row:= K10. Turn. =11th row:= K1. P8.
K1. Turn. Repeat 10th and 11th rows 8 times. =28th row:= K1. K2tog. K4.
K2tog. K1. =29th row:= K1. P6. K1. =30th row:= K1. K2tog. K2. K2tog. K1.
=31st row:= K1. P4. K1. Break wool. Join wool to where 19 sts. were left.
Knit to end of row. =Next row:= K19. Pick up and knit 14 sts. along side of
foot. Knit 6 sts. across toe. Pick up and knit 14 sts. along other side of
foot. Knit 3 sts. which were left. 56 sts. on needle. Knit 9 rows Garter
st. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K5. (K2tog.) twice. K24. (K2tog.) twice. K19. =2nd row:= Knit.
=3rd row:= K4. (K2tog.) twice. K22. (K2tog.) twice. K18. Knit 2 rows Garter
st. Cast off.

TO MAKE UP: Press carefully. Sew all seams. With double wool crochet a
cord. Thread through eyelets at waist. Make and sew a tassel to each end.

[Illustration: BB Logo]


(=I=) =BOY'S CAP=--_Illustrated on page 8_

  MATERIALS: =4 ply MISS CANADA FINGERING=. 1 oz. Cascade No. 301.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:         =3 mos.=    =6 mos.=   =9 mos.=
  Width all round brim   12 ins.    13 ins.    14 ins.

Cast on 75 sts. Repeat from ** to ** as given for Girl's Bonnet, below.
Proceed:-

=1st row:= K1. *Inc. 1. st. in next st. K8. Repeat from * to last 2 sts.
Inc. 1. st. in next st. K1. 84 sts. on needle. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. =2nd row:= Knit. Repeat these 2 rows
for 2-1/2 ins. ending with purl row and dec. 1. st. at end of last row.
Proceed:-

=1st decreasing row:= K1. (P1. K1) 3 times. *P3tog. (K1. P1) 4 times.
K3tog. (P1. K1) 4 times. Repeat from * twice. P3tog. (K1. P1) 3 times. K1.
Work 3 rows even in Moss st. also after each of the following rows. =2nd
decreasing row:= (K1. P1) 3 times. *K3tog. (P1. K1) 3 times. P3tog. (K1.
P1) 3 times. Repeat from * twice. K3tog. (P1. K1) 3 times. =3rd decreasing
row:= K1. (P1. K1) twice. *P3tog. (K1. P1) twice. K3tog. (P1. K1) twice.
Repeat from * twice. P3tog. (K1. P1) twice. K1. =4th decreasing row:= (K1.
P1) twice. *K3tog. P1. K1. P3tog. K1. P1. Repeat from * twice. K3tog. (P1.
K1) twice. 27 sts. on needle. Break wool and thread end through remaining
sts. Draw up and fasten securely. Sew up back seam.

[Illustration: BB Logo]


(=J=) =GIRL'S BONNET=--_Illustrated on page 8_

  MATERIALS: =4 ply MISS CANADA FINGERING=. 1 oz. Cascade No. 301.
  1-3/4 yds. ribbon.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:          =3 mos.=    =6 mos.=  =9 mos.=
  Width all round brim  11-1/2 ins.  12 ins.   13 ins.

Cast on 65 sts. **=1st row:= K1. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row.
Repeat 1st. row 31 times. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K2. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to last st. K1. =2nd row:= K1. *P1.
K1. Repeat from * to end of row. Repeat these 2 rows 4 times, 1st. row
once.** Proceed:-

=1st row:= *K4. Inc. 1. st. in next st. Repeat from * to end of row. 78
sts. on needle. =2nd row:= K2. Purl to last 2 sts. K2. =3rd row:= Knit.
Repeat 2nd and 3rd rows 11 times. =26th row:= K2. Purl to last 4 sts.
P2tog. K2. Proceed:-

=1st decreasing row:= K1. (P1. K1) twice. *P3tog. (K1. P1) 5 times. K3tog.
(P1. K1) 5 times. Repeat from * once. P3tog. (K1. P1) 5 times. K3tog. (P1.
K1) twice. Work 3 rows even in Moss st. also after each of the following
rows. =2nd decreasing row:= (K1. P1) twice. *K3tog. (P1. K1) 4 times.
P3tog. (K1. P1) 4 times. Repeat from * once. K3tog. (P1. K1) 4 times.
P3tog. K1. P1. K1. =3rd decreasing row:= K1. P1. K1. *P3tog. (K1. P1) 3
times. K3tog. (P1. K1) 3 times. Repeat from * once. P3tog. (K1. P1) 3
times. K3tog. P1. K1. =4th decreasing row:= K1. P1. *K3tog. (P1. K1) twice.
P3tog. (K1. P1) twice. Repeat from * once. K3tog. (P1. K1) twice. P3tog.
K1. =5th decreasing row:= K1. *P3tog. K1. P1. K3tog. P1. K1. Repeat from *
once. P3tog. K1. P1. K3tog. 18 sts. on needle. Break wool and thread end
through remaining sts. Draw up and fasten securely. Sew up 3 ins. of back
seam. Make ribbon rosettes and sew to bonnet as illustrated.

[Illustration: Pullover with Ducks Chart]


(=K=) =PULLOVER WITH DUCKS=--_Illustrated on page 8_

  MATERIALS: =3 ply BEEHIVE FINGERING=. 2 ozs. Mauve No. 554 (M).
  Small quantity of Yellow No. 2042 (Y), Orange No. 2012 (O) and Black (B).
  One Stitch Holder. One Medium Crochet Hook. 4 Buttons.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:                   =3 mos.=     =6 mos.=   =9 mos.=
  Width all round at underarm     18     ins.   19 ins.  19-1/2 ins.
  Length from top of shoulder     10-1/2  "     11  "    11-1/2  "
  Length of sleeve underarm seam   5-1/2  "      6  "     7      "

Cut 8 strands (M) 2 yds. long and 8 strands (Y) 1-3/4 yds. long.

BACK: With (M) wool cast on 72 sts. Work 1-1/2 ins. ribbing (K1. P1). Work
6 rows Stocking st. With (Y) wool, knit 1 row. With (M) work 3 rows
Stocking st. Proceed to work from chart, reading from right to left for
knit rows, and from left to right for purl rows, using the balls and
strands of wool as indicated on chart, being careful to twist wool when
changing colours. When design has been worked break all wools except ball
(M). With (M), work 3 rows Stocking st. With (Y), purl 1 row. With (M)
continue even in Stocking st. until work from beginning measures 7-1/2 ins.
=(=_6 mos.--7-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--8 ins._=)= ending with purl row.

=To shape armholes:= Cast off 3 sts. beginning next 2 rows, then dec. 1.
st. each end of needle next and every alternate row to 58 sts. on needle.
Continue even in Stocking st. until armhole from first shaping measures
2-3/4 ins. =(=_6 mos.--3-1/4 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--3-1/4 ins._=)= ending
with purl row.

=To shape neck:= =1st row:= K19. Turn. Working on these 19 sts. dec. 1. st.
at neck edge on next 3 rows.

=To shape shoulder:= At armhole edge cast off 8 sts. every alternate row
twice.

Slip next 20 sts. on st. holder. Work remaining 19 sts. to correspond to
other side.

NECKBAND: With right side of work facing and (Y) wool, pick up and knit 6
sts. along side of neck, knit 20 sts. from st. holder at back of neck. Pick
up and knit 6 sts. along other side of neck. Break (Y). Join (M). =Next
row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. Work 2 rows ribbing (K1. P1). Cast off in
ribbing.

FRONT: Work exactly as given for Back until armhole from first shaping
measures 1-3/4 ins. =(=_6 mos.--2-1/4 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--2-1/4 ins._=)=
ending with purl row.

=To shape neck:= =1st row:= K22. Turn. Working on these 22 sts. dec. 1. st.
at neck edge next and every following row to 16 sts. on needle. Continue
even in Stocking st. until armhole from first shaping measures 3 ins. =(=_6
mos.--3-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--3-1/2 ins._=)=. Shape shoulder as given
for Back. Slip next 14 sts. on st. holder. Work remaining 22 sts. to
correspond to other side.

NECKBAND: With right side of work facing and (Y) wool, pick up and knit 16
sts. along side of neck. Knit 14 sts. from st. holder at front of neck.
Pick up and knit 16 sts. along other side of neck. Break (Y). Join (M).
=Next row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. Work 2 rows ribbing (K1. P1). Cast off
in ribbing.

SLEEVES: Cast on 36 sts. Work 1-1/2 ins. ribbing (K1. P1). =Next row:= *K8.
Inc. 1. st. in next st. Repeat from * to end of row. 40 sts. on needle.
=Next row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. Continue in Stocking st. inc. 1. st.
each end of needle on 5th and every following 6th row to 50 sts. on needle.
Continue even until sleeve measures 5-1/2 ins. =(=_6 mos.--6 ins._=)= =(=_9
mos.--7 ins._=)= from beginning ending with purl row. Cast off 2 sts.
beginning every row to 10 sts. on needle. Cast off.

TO MAKE UP: Press all pieces carefully. Darn all ends on wrong side. Sew
all seams, except shoulders. Work 1 row d.c. along back of each shoulder
and 1 row s.c. along front of each shoulder, working 2 chain loops for
buttonholes. Sew buttons to correspond to buttonholes.




_Keeping Tidy Underneath.._

[Illustration: (A), (B) and (C)--_See page 13_. (D)--_See below_.]


=(D) PANTIES=

  MATERIALS: =4 ply MISS CANADA FINGERING=. 3 ozs. Length of Ribbon.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:                       =3 mos.=  =6 mos.=  =9 mos.=
  Length from waist to crotch at front  9 ins.  10 ins.  10-1/2 ins.
  Width all round at widest part       22  "    23  "    24      "

Beginning at top of waistband cast on 64 sts. =1st row:= *K2. P2. Repeat
from * to last 4 sts. K2. P1. K1. Repeat 1st. row 3 times. =5th row:=
(eyelets) *K2. w.r.n. P2tog. Repeat from * to end of row. Repeat 1st. row 7
times. =Next row:= Knit, inc. 12 sts. across row; 76 sts. on needle.
Continue even in Stocking st. until work from beginning measures 5-1/2 ins.
=(=_6 mos.--6 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--6-1/2 ins._=)=, ending with purl row.
Proceed:-

=1st row:= K1. K2tog. Knit to last 3 sts. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o. K1. =2nd
row:= K1. P2tog. Purl to last 3 sts. P2tog. K1. Repeat these 2 rows to 12
sts. on needle. Work 4 rows even. Continue in Stocking st. inc. 1. st. each
end of needle every row to 76 sts. on needle. Continue to correspond to
Front, being careful to dec. 12 sts. before working ribbing.

LEG BANDS: With right side of work facing, pick up and knit 72 sts. along
edge of leg. Work 5 rows ribbing (K2. P2). Cast off in ribbing.

TO MAKE UP: Press carefully. Sew side seams. Thread ribbon through eyelets,
or make a crocheted chain and thread through, making a tassel for each
end.


=(A) PANTIES=--_Illustrated on opposite page_

  MATERIALS: =MISS CANADA CROCHET-KNITTING WOOL.= 2 ozs. Pearl Pink.
  One Medium Crochet Hook.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:                       =3 mos.=    =6 mos.=    =9 mos.=
  Length from waist to crotch at Front  9 ins.    9-1/2 ins.   11 ins.
  Width all round at widest part       22  "     23      "     24  "

PATTERN: =1st row:= *K1. P2. Repeat from * to last st. K1. =2nd row:= K3.
*P1. K2. Repeat from * to last st. K1.

FRONT: Cast on 64 sts. =1st row:= K2. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row.
Repeat 1st. row 4 times. =6th row=: (eyelets). K2. *Wl. fwd. K2tog. P1. K1.
Repeat from * to last 2 sts. Wl. fwd. K2tog. Repeat 1st. row 7 times.
***Keeping continuity of pattern inc. 1. st. each end of needle on 3rd and
every following 4th row to 82 sts. on needle. Continue even until work from
beginning, at centre, measures 7-1/2 ins. =(=_6 mos.--8 ins._ =)= =(=_9
mos.--9 ins._=)= ending with 2nd pattern row.

=To shape legs and gusset:= =1st row:= Cast off 7 sts. Work 33 sts. in
pattern. Inc. 1. st. in each of next 2 sts. Work in pattern to end of row.
=2nd row:= Cast off 7 sts. Work 33 sts. in pattern. P4. Work in pattern to
end of row. =3rd row:= Cast off 7 sts. Work 26 sts. in pattern. Inc. 1. st.
in next st. K2. Inc. 1. st. in next st. Work in pattern to end of row. =4th
row:= Cast off 7 sts. Work 26 sts. in pattern. P6. Work in pattern to end
of row. =5th row:= Cast off 7 sts. Work 19 sts. in pattern. Inc. 1. st. in
next st. K4. Inc. 1. st. in next st. Work in pattern to end of row. =6th
row:= Cast off 7 sts. Work 19 sts. in pattern. P8. Work in pattern to end
of row. Still increasing in centre in this manner, continue working
pattern, casting off 5 sts. beginning next 6 rows. =13th row:= Cast off 4
sts. Knit to end of row. =14th row:= Cast off 4 sts. P13. K1. Knit 1 row.
Cast off.***

BACK: Cast on 64 sts. Work the ribbed band with eyelets as given for Front.
Proceed:-

**=To shape back:= =1st row:= Work 40 sts. in pattern. Turn. =2nd row:=
Work 16 sts. in pattern. Turn. =3rd row:= Work 24 sts. in pattern. Turn.
=4th row:= Work 32 sts. in pattern. Turn. Continue in this manner, working
8 extra sts. every row until all sts. have been worked.** Work from *** to
*** as given for Front. Sew gusset edges together.

LEG BANDS: With right side of work facing pick up and knit 60 sts. around
leg opening. Work 1/4 inch ribbing (K1. P1). Cast off loosely in ribbing.

TO MAKE UP: Press carefully. Sew side seams. With double wool crochet a
cord. Thread through eyelets at waist. Make and sew a small tassel to each
end.


=(B) PANTIES=--_Illustrated on opposite page_

  MATERIALS: =4 ply BEEHIVE FINGERING=. 3 ozs. Blue No. 188. One
  Stitch Holder. 3 Buttons. One Medium Crochet Hook.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:                         =3 mos.=   =6 mos.=  =9 mos.=
  Length from waist to crotch at Front  8-1/2 ins.  9 ins.  10-1/2 ins.
  Width all round at widest part       22      "   23  "    24      "

PATTERN: =1st row:= *K1. P2. Repeat from * to last st. K1. =2nd row:= K3.
*P1. K2. Repeat from * to last st. K1.

FRONT: Cast on 64 sts. =1st row:= *K1. P1. Repeat from * to last 2 sts. K2.
Repeat 1st. row once. =3rd row:= (eyelets). K1. *Wl. fwd. K2tog. P1. K1.
Repeat from * to last 3 sts. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K1. Repeat 1st. row 5 times.
=9th row:= (K1. P1) 18 times. Turn. Leave remaining sts. on st. holder.
Proceed for Left Front:-

=1st row:= (K1. P1) 4 times. Work 1st. pattern row. =2nd row:= Work 2nd
pattern row to last 9 sts. (P1. K1) 3 times. P1. K2. Keeping ribbed border
at Front edge, and remaining sts. in pattern, inc. 1. st. at side edge on
next and every following 4th row until work from beginning measures 2-1/2
ins. =(=_6 mos.--2-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--3 ins._=)=. =Next row:= (1st.
buttonhole). Rib 3 sts. Wl. fwd. K2tog. Rib 3 sts. Work in pattern to end
of row. Working 2 more buttonholes 15 rows apart, continue increasing at
side edge to 45 sts. on needle. Continue even in pattern until work from
beginning measures 7 ins. =(=_6 mos.--7-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--8-1/2
ins._=)= ending with 2nd pattern row. Leave these sts. on spare needle.

RIGHT FRONT: Cast on 8 sts. and rib across sts. from st. holder. Continue
to correspond to Left Front, omitting buttonholes and being careful to have
Front border and shaping for opposite side. When work measures same as Left
Front proceed:-

Work 37 sts. in pattern. Place the needle holding the sts. of the Left
Front in front of the remaining 8 sts. of the Right Front so that the
Border sts. overlap. Knit 1. st. from each needle together 8 times, thus
joining both fronts together. Work in pattern across Left Front sts. 82
sts. on needle. =Next row:= Work in pattern.

***=To shape gusset:= =1st row:= Work 40 sts. in pattern. Inc. 1. st. in
each of next 2 sts. Work 40 sts. in pattern. =2nd row:= Work 40 sts. in
pattern. P4. Work 40 sts. in pattern. =3rd row:= Work 40 sts. in pattern.
Inc. 1. st. in next st. K2. Inc. 1. st. in next st. Work 40 sts. in
pattern. =4th row:= Work 40 sts. in pattern. P6. Work 40 sts. in pattern.
Continue increasing gusset in this manner, every alternate row to 94 sts.
on needle. Work 2 rows even. =Next row:= With right side of work facing,
work 40 sts. in ribbing (K1. P1). Turn. Work 1/2 inch ribbing on these 40
sts. Cast off loosely in ribbing.

Join wool and cast off 14 sts. Work 1/2 inch ribbing (K1. P1) on remaining
40 sts. Cast off loosely in ribbing.***

BACK: Cast on 64 sts. Work the ribbed band with eyelets as given for Front.
Work from ** to ** as given for Back of Panties, see left column.
Proceed:-

Keeping continuity of pattern inc. 1. st. each end of needle on 3rd and
every following 4th row to 82 sts. on needle. Continue even until work from
beginning at side edge, measures 7 ins. =(=_6 mos.--7-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_9
mos.--8-1/2 ins._=)= Work from *** to *** as given for Front.

TO MAKE UP: Press pieces carefully. Sew side and gusset seams. With double
wool crochet a cord. Thread through eyelets at waist. Make and sew a tassel
to each end. Sew buttons to correspond to buttonholes.


=(C) CROCHETED PANTIES=--_Illustrated on opposite page_

     MATERIALS: =4 ply MISS CANADA ANDALUSIAN=. 2 ozs. Pink. One No.
     1 Steel Crochet Hook. (American Gauge).

For Measurements see Baby's Knitted Panties (D) page 12.

Tension: 7 d.c. and 3 rows = 1 inch.

_The instructions are written for size 3 mos_. _Sizes_ 6 _and_ 9 _mos. are
written in brackets thus:- =(    )=._

Beginning at crotch Ch. 21 sts. =1st row:= 1. d.c. in 3rd Ch. from hook. 1.
d.c. in each st. to end of Ch. 20 d.c. in row. (the turning Ch. counts as
1. d.c.). Ch. 4. Turn. =2nd row:= 3. d.c. in 1st. d.c. 1. d.c. in each st.
to the last d.c. before the turning Ch. of previous row. (3. d.c. 1. tr.)
all in this d.c. 25 sts. in row. Ch. 4. Turn. =3rd row:= As 2nd row. 30
d.c. in row. Repeat 2nd row until work from side edge to side edge measures
11 ins. =(=_6 mos.--11-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--12 ins._=)=. Ch. 3. Turn.
Work 1 row even in d.c. turning each row with Ch. 3. =Next row:= *W.o.h.
Insert hook in next d.c. Draw up a loop. W.o.h. and through 2 loops on
hook. Repeat from * once. W.o.h. and through all 3 loops on hook. (this
decreases 1. st.) 1. d.c. in each st. to last 3 sts. Dec. 1. st. 1. d.c. in
last st. Ch. 3. Turn. Continue in d.c. dec. 1. st. each end of work every
3rd row 4 times more. Continue even in d.c. until work from beginning
measures 8-1/4 ins. =(=_6 mos.--9-1/4 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--9-3/4 ins._=)=.
=Next row:= (eyelets) 1. d.c. in next 2 sts. *Ch. 1. Miss 1. st. 1. d.c. in
next 3 sts. Repeat from * to end of row. Ch. 3. Turn.

       *       *       *       *       *

=CROCHETED PANTIES= (_Continued_)

Work 1 row even in d.c. Ch. 1. Turn. Work 1 row even in s.c. Break wool.
Make another piece to correspond.

TO MAKE UP: Press pieces carefully. Sew side and crotch seams. Make a
crocheted Ch. with double wool. Thread through eyelets. Make and attach a
small tassel to each end.

LEG BANDS: Ch. 7 sts. =1st row:= 1. s.c. in 2nd Ch. from hook. 1. s.c. in
each st. to end of row. Ch. 1. Turn. =2nd row:= 1. s.c. in each st.,
working into back of sts. only. Ch. 1. Turn. Repeat 2nd row until piece is
long enough to go along each leg opening. Sew leg bands in position.


=(H) SLEEPING SUIT=--_Illustrated on opposite page_

  MATERIALS: =4 ply MISS CANADA ANDALUSIAN.= 4 ozs. Pink. One Medium
  Crochet Hook. 6 Buttons. Small quantity of wool for embroidery.
  One Safety Pin.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:                   =3 mos.=     =6 mos.=     =9 mos.=
  =Pullover=
  Width all round at underarm     18    ins.   19    ins.   19-1/2 ins.
  Length from top of shoulder     10     "     10-1/2 "     11      "
  Length of sleeve underarm seam   5-1/2 "      6     "      7      "
  =Leggings=
  Width all round at widest part  21     "     22     "     23      "
  Length of Front seam             7     "      7-1/2 "      8      "
  Length of leg seam               8     "      8-1/2 "      9      "

=THE PULLOVER=

FRONT: Cast on 76 sts. Work 2 ins. ribbing (K1. P1). Continue even in
Stocking st. until work from beginning measures 7-1/2 ins. ending with purl
row.

=To shape armholes:= Cast off 4 sts. beginning next 2 rows, then dec. 1.
st. each end of needle every row to 60 sts.

=To make pocket:= K6. Break wool. Slip next 18 sts. onto safety pin for
pocket. Join wool. Knit to end of row. Leave these sts. until pocket piece
has been worked.

=To make pocket piece:= Cast on 18 sts. Work 2-1/2 ins. Stocking st. ending
with knit row. Leave these sts. on needle. Starting again on sts. of Front
proceed:- =1st row:= K1. P35. Purl across sts. of pocket piece. P5. K1. 60
sts. on needle. Continue even in Stocking st. until work from beginning
measures 9 ins. =(=_6 mos.--9-1/2 ins_.=)= =(=_9 mos.--10 ins._=)= ending
with purl row.

=To shape neck and shoulders:= K24. Cast off 12 sts. K24. Working on last
24 sts. keeping armhole edge even, at neck edge dec. 1. st. every row to 14
sts. on needle. At armhole edge cast off 7 sts. every alternate row twice.
Join wool at neck edge and work remaining sts. to correspond to other side.

=To make pocket top:= Slip 18 sts. from safety pin onto needle. Work 4 rows
ribbing (K1. P1). Cast off loosely in ribbing.

BACK: Work exactly as given for Front to 60 sts. on needle, (end of armhole
shaping). Continue even until work from beginning measures 9-1/2 ins.
=(=_6 mos.--10 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--10-1/2 ins._=)= ending with purl row.

=To shape neck and shoulders:= K19. Cast off 22 sts. K19. Working on last
19 sts. keeping armhole edge even, at neck edge dec. 1. st. every row to 14
sts. on needle. At armhole edge cast off 7 sts. every alternate row twice.
Join wool at neck edge and work remaining sts. to correspond to other side.

FRONT NECKBAND: With right side of work facing pick up and knit 46 sts.
around neck. Work 3/4 inch ribbing (K1. P1). Cast off loosely in ribbing.

BACK NECKBAND: With right side of work facing pick up and knit 42 sts. and
work as for Front band.

SLEEVES: Cast on 42 sts. Work 1-1/2 ins. ribbing (K1. P1). Continue in
Stocking st. inc. 1. st. each end of needle on 5th and every following 4th
row to 60 sts. on needle. Continue even until sleeve from beginning
measures 5-1/2 ins. =(=_6 mos.--6 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--7 ins._=)=. Cast off
2 sts. beginning every row to 28 sts. on needle. Cast off.

=THE LEGGINGS=

RIGHT LEG: Cast on 72 sts. Work 1/2 inch ribbing (K1. P1). =Next row:=
(eyelets) *K2. Wl. fwd. K2tog. Repeat from * to end of row. Work 1 inch
ribbing (K1. P1). =Next row:= Knit, inc. 8 sts. across row. 80 sts. on
needle. =Next row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1.

=To shape back:= =1st row:= K10. Turn. =2nd row:= P9. K1. =3rd row:= K20.
Turn. =4th row:= P19. K1. =5th row:= K30. Turn. =6th row:= P29. K1.
Continue in this manner, knitting over 10 more sts. every knit row until 60
sts. have been worked ending with purl row. =Next row:= Knit across 80 sts.
=Next row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. Continue in Stocking st. inc. 1. st.
at long side of work (beginning of row) on next and every following 6th row
to 88 sts. on needle. Continue even until work from beginning, at short
side, measures 7 ins. =(=_6 mos.--7-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--8 ins._=)=.

=To shape leg:= Dec. 1. st. each end of needle every row to 72 sts. on
needle then every 3rd row to 40 sts. on needle. Continue even until leg
seam measures 7 ins. =(=_6 mos.--7-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--8 ins._ =)=.
Work 1 inch even in ribbing (K1. P1). Work 2-1/2 ins. =(=_6 mos.--2-1/2
ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--3 ins._=)= even in Stocking st. ending with purl row.

=To shape foot:= K20. Turn. Working in Stocking st. on these 20 sts. dec.
1. st. each end of needle every alternate row to 6 sts. Cast off. Join wool
and work remaining 20 sts. to correspond.

LEFT LEG: Work as given for Right Leg having back shapings on purl rows
instead of knit rows and all increasings at end of knit rows instead of
beginning.

TO MAKE UP: Press all pieces carefully. Sew all seams, except shoulders of
pullover. Work 1 row d.c. along back of each shoulder and 1 row s.c. along
front, working 3 loops for buttonholes on each. Sew buttons to correspond
to buttonholes. Embroider a row of chain st. around neck where sts. were
picked up for ribbing. Into every alternate st. work a Lazy Daisy st. at
right angles to it. Embroider top of pocket to correspond. With double wool
crochet a cord. Thread through eyelets at waist of leggings. Make and sew a
tassel to each end.


(E) HOT WATER BOTTLE COVER

_Illustrated on opposite page_

     MATERIALS: =BEEHIVE LUSTRE CREPE.= 2 ozs. Two No. 10 Beehive
     Knitting Needles. One Medium Crochet Hook. 4 ply MISS CANADA
     FINGERING may be substituted, using No. 9 Needles to produce
     the same tension.

Tension: 7 sts. = 1 inch.

Cast on 33 sts. =1st row:= K1. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row. Repeat
1st. row for 6-1/2 ins. dec. 1. st. at end of last row. Work 7 rows ribbing
(K2. P2). =8th row:= (eyelets) *K2. Wl. fwd. K2tog. Repeat from * to end of
row. Work 11 rows ribbing. Cast off in ribbing. Make another piece to
correspond, and join pieces together with picot edging as follows:-

=To make picot edging:= With crochet hook, beginning at ribbed edge at top,
work 1. s.c. through both pieces. *Ch. 3. 1. s.c. in 3rd Ch. from hook. 1.
s.c. through both pieces of cover. Repeat from * around cover, leaving an
opening in centre of bottom large enough for tab of bottle. Work picot
edging around top of cover. Crochet 2 draw strings. Thread through eyelets
at top and finish with tassels as illustrated.


=(G) KNITTED BOTTLE COVER=--=For 8-oz. bottle=

_Illustrated on opposite page_

     MATERIALS: =BEEHIVE LUSTRE CREPE.= 1 oz. Two No. 10 Beehive
     Knitting Needles. One Medium Crochet Hook. 4 ply MISS CANADA
     FINGERING may be substituted, using No. 9 Needles to produce
     the same tension.

Tension: 7 sts. = 1 inch.

Cast on 45 sts. =1st row:= K1. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row. Repeat
1st. row for 4-3/4 ins. Proceed:-

=1st row:= *(K1. P1) 3 times. K3tog. (P1. K1) 3 times. P3tog. Repeat from *
to last 9 sts. (K1. P1) 3 times. K3tog. =2nd and alternate rows:= K1. *P1.
K1. Repeat from * to end of row. =3rd row:= *(K1. P1) twice. K3tog. (P1.
K1) twice. P3tog. Repeat from * to last 7 sts. (K1. P1) twice. K3tog. =5th
row:= *K1. P1. K3tog. P1. K1. P3tog. Repeat from * to last 5 sts. K1. P1.
K3tog. =6th row:= As 2nd row. Cast off in Moss st. Sew up seam. Crochet
edging around top of cover as follows:-

=1st round:= *Ch. 3. Miss 1. st. 1. s.c. in next st. Repeat from * to end
of round. Work 2nd and 3rd rounds as given for edging of Crocheted Bottle
Cover, see page 61. Make a crocheted cord and thread through 2nd round of
loops. Make and sew a small tassel to each end.




_And So to Bed.._

[Illustration:

    =(A) Bootees=--_See page 16_.
    =(B) Bootees=--_See page 16_.
    =(C) Slippers=--_See page 21_.
    =(D) Cuddly Cape=--_See page 16_.
    =(E) Bottle Cover=--_See page 14_.
    =(F) Pullover=--_See page 16_.
    =(G) Bottle Cover=--_See page 14_.
    =(H) Sleeping Suit=--_See page 14_.]




=(F) CROSS-OVER PULLOVER=--_Illustrated on page 15_

  MATERIALS: =3 ply BEEHIVE FINGERING=. 3 ozs. Yellow No. 598.
  One Stitch Holder.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:                     =3 mos.=  =6 mos.=   =9 mos.=
  Width all round at underarm        18 ins.   19 ins.  19-1/2 ins.
  Length from top of shoulder       8-1/2 "     9  "     9-1/2   "
  Length of sleeve underarm seam    5-1/2 "     6  "      7      "

BACK: Beginning at lower edge cast on 68 sts. Work 1-1/2 ins. ribbing
=(=K2. P2=)=. Knit even in Garter st. until work from beginning measures
5-1/2 ins. =(=_6 mos.--5-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--6 ins._=)=.

=To make sleeves:= Continue in Garter st. casting on 9 sts. beginning next
8 rows. (36 sts. on each side for sleeves). Knit even until work from
beginning measures 8-1/2 ins. =(=_6 mos.--9 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos--9-1/2
ins._=)=.

=To shape neck:= K57. Cast off 26 sts. K57. Working on last 57 sts and
leaving remaining 57 sts. on st. holder knit 9 rows even, ending at neck
edge. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K2. Inc. 1. st. in next st. Knit to end of row. =2nd row:= Knit.
Repeat these 2 rows until cuff edge measures 5-1/2 ins. =(=_6 mos.--6
ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--6 ins._=)=. Still increasing at neck edge, at cuff
edge cast off 9 sts. every alternate row 4 times. Continue increasing at
neck edge to 72 sts. on needle ending at neck edge. Leave these sts. on
spare needle.

Join wool at neck edge and work other side to correspond, ending at side
edge. =Next row:= Place the needle holding the sts. of the Right Front in
front of the needle holding the sts. of the Left Front so that the sts.
overlap. Knit 1. st. from each needle together 72 times, thus joining both
fronts together. Work 1-1/2 ins. ribbing =(=K2. P2=)=. Cast off in ribbing.

CUFFS: With right side of work facing pick up and knit 32 sts. along edge
of sleeve. Work 1 inch ribbing =(=K2. P2=)=. Cast off in ribbing.

TO MAKE UP: Press carefully. Sew side and sleeve seams.


=(B) BABY'S BOOTEES=--_Illustrated on page 15_

     MATERIALS: =3 ply BEEHIVE NON-SHRINK BABY WOOL.= 1 oz.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

Cast on 48 sts. Knit 4 rows Garter st. =5th row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1.
Proceed:-

=**1st row:= *K3. P3. Repeat from * to last 6 sts. K3. P2. K1. =2nd row:=
K1. Purl to last st. K1. =3rd row:= K1. P2. K3. *P3. K3. Repeat from * to
end of row. =4th row:= As 2nd row.** Repeat from ** to ** 5 times. Knit 18
rows Garter st. =Next row:= =(=eyelets=)= *K2. Wl. fwd. K2tog. Repeat from
* to end of row. =Next row:= Knit.

=To make instep and foot:= K16. On next 16 sts. knit 28 rows Garter st.
Break wool. Beginning again where the 16 sts. were left, join wool and with
same needle pick up and knit 15 sts. along side of instep, knit across the
16 instep sts., pick up and knit 15 sts. along other side of instep and
knit remaining 16 sts. 78 sts. on needle. Knit 13 rows Garter st. =Next
row:= K1. K2tog. Knit to 4 centre sts. (K2tog.) twice. Knit to last 3 sts.
K2tog. K1. Repeat this row 7 times. Cast off.

Make another bootee to correspond.

TO MAKE UP: Press carefully. Sew up seam. Make a twisted cord and thread
through eyelets at ankle. Make and sew a small tassel to each end.


=(D) CUDDLY CAPE=--_Illustrated on page 15_

  MATERIALS: =4 ply MISS CANADA FINGERING.= 6 ozs. Pink. One
  Medium Crochet Hook.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:               =3 mos.=       =6 mos.=      =9 mos.=
  Length from neck to hem     16-1/2 ins.   17    ins.     17-1/2 ins.
  Width all round at hem      25      "     27-1/2 "       30    "

PATTERN: =1st row:= K3. *P1. K3. Repeat from * to last 2 sts. P1. K1. =2nd
row:= K2. *P2. K2. Repeat from * to last 3 sts. P2. K1. =3rd row:= K1. P1.
K1. *P3. K1. Repeat from * to last 2 sts. P1. K1. =4th row:= K2. *P3. K1.
Repeat from * to last 3 sts. P2. K1. =5th row:= K3. *P2. K2. Repeat from *
to last 2 sts. P1. K1. =6th row:= K2. *P1. K3. Repeat from * to last 3 sts.
P1. K2.

THE CAPE: Cast on 187 sts. Knit 9 rows Garter st. Keeping 5 sts. each end
in Garter st. for border, work remaining 177 sts. in pattern. Continue even
until work from beginning measures 16 ins. =(=_6 mos.--16-1/2 ins._=)=
=(=_9 mos.--17 ins._=)=. Knit 2 rows Garter st. Proceed:-

=1st row:= *K6. K3tog. Repeat from * to last 7 sts. K7. =2nd and alternate
rows:= Knit. =3rd row:= K1. *K4. K3tog. Repeat from * to last 6 sts. K6.
=5th row:= K2. *K2. K3tog. Repeat from * to last 5 sts. K5. =7th row:=
(eyelets). *K2. K2tog. Wl. fwd. Repeat from * to last 3 sts. K3. Cast off
loosely.

THE HOOD: Cast on 83 sts. Knit 9 rows Garter st. Keeping 5 sts. each end in
Garter st. for border, work remaining 73 sts. in pattern. Continue even in
pattern until work from beginning measures 8 ins. =(=_6 mos.--8-1/4
ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--8-1/2 ins._=)=. Cast off.

TO MAKE UP: Press pieces, being careful not to flatten pattern. Fold hood
in half and sew top seam. Put centre of hood to centre of cape 1 inch in
from each front edge. Sew together. With double wool crochet a cord 30 ins.
long. Thread through eyelets at neck. Make and sew a tassel to each end.
Crochet another cord 4 ins. long. Sew to back of hood as illustrated, and
sew a tassel to the end.


=(A) BABY'S BOOTEES=--_Illustrated on page 15_

     MATERIALS: =4 ply MISS CANADA ANDALUSIAN.= 1 oz.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

Cast on 42 sts. =1st row:= K2. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row. Repeat
1st. row 7 times, dec. 1. st. at end of last row. Proceed:-

=**1st row:= Knit. =2nd and alternate rows:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. =3rd
row:= K1. *Wl. fwd. K2tog. K2. Repeat from * to end of row. =5th row:= K1.
*K1. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K1. Repeat from * to end of row. =7th row:= K1. *K2.
Wl. fwd. K2tog. Repeat from * to end of row. =9th row:= Knit. =10th row:=
K1. Purl to last st. K1.** Repeat from ** to ** twice, then 3rd row (for
eyelets at ankle) once. Knit 1 row.

=To make instep and foot:= K14. On next 13 sts. knit 22 rows Garter st.
Break wool. Beginning again where the 14 sts. were left, join wool and with
same needle pick up and knit 12 sts. along side of instep, knit across the
13 instep sts., pick up and knit 12 sts. along other side of instep and
knit remaining 14 sts. at ankle. 65 sts. on needle. Knit 11 rows Garter st.
=Next row:= K1. K2tog. Knit to 5 centre sts. K2tog. K1. K2tog. Knit to last
3 sts. K2tog. K1. Repeat this row 6 times. Cast off.

Make another bootee to correspond.

TO MAKE UP: Press carefully. Sew up seam. Make a twisted cord and thread
through eyelets at ankle. Make and sew a small tassel to each end.


=(F) PULLOVER=--_Illustrated on page 8_

  MATERIALS: =MISS CANADA CROCHET-KNITTING WOOL.= 3 ozs. Pearl Pink.
  5 Buttons. One Stitch Holder.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:                  =3 mos.=     =6 mos.=    =9 mos.=
  Width all round at underarm     18 ins.      19 ins.   19-1/2 ins.
  Length from top of shoulder     10-1/2   "   11  "     11-1/2 "
  Length of sleeve underarm seam   5-1/2   "    6  "       7    "

PATTERN: =1st row:= Knit. =2nd row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. Repeat 1st
and 2nd rows once. =5th row:= K2. *P5. K1. Repeat from * to last st. K1.
=6th row:= K1. P1. *K5. P1 Repeat from * to last st. K1. =7th row:= K1. P3.
*K1. P5. Repeat from * to last 5 sts. K1. P3. K1. =8th row:= K4. *P1. K5.
Repeat from * to last 5 sts. P1. K4. =9th row:= As 5th row. =10th row:= As
6th row. =11th row:= As 7th row. =12th row:= As 8th row. These 12 rows
complete one pattern.

FRONT: Cast on 56 sts. Work 5 rows Garter st. =Next row:= *K7. Inc. 1. st.
in next st. Repeat from * to end of row. 63 sts. on needle. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. =2nd row:= Knit. Repeat 1st and 2nd
rows once, 1st. row once. Work 2 complete patterns. Continue even in
Stocking st. until work from beginning measures 7-1/2 ins. =(=_6
mos.--7-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--8 ins._=)=, ending with purl row.

=To shape armholes:= Cast off 3 sts. beginning next 2 rows, then dec. 1.
st. each end of needle every alternate row 3 times. 51 sts. on needle.
Continue even until armhole measures 2 ins. from first shaping ending with
purl row.

=To shape neck:= =1st row:= Knit. =2nd row:= K1. P9. K31. P9. K1. =3rd
row:= Knit. =4th row:= As 2nd row. =5th row:= K14. Cast off 23 sts. K14.
Working on one shoulder proceed:-

=1st row:= K1. P9. K4. Keeping 4 sts. at neck edge in Garter st. continue
even until armhole, from first shaping, measures 3 ins. =(=_6 mos.--3-1/2
ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--3-1/2 ins._=)=.

=To shape shoulder:= At armhole edge cast off 7 sts. every alternate row
twice.

Join wool at neck edge and work other shoulder to correspond.

BACK: Work exactly as given for Front to 51 sts. on needle, ending with
purl row.

=To make neck opening and shape neck:= K28. Turn. Leave remaining 23 sts.
on st. holder. Working on these 28 sts. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K5. Purl to last st. K1. =2nd row:= Knit. =3rd row:= As 1st.
row. =4th row:= (buttonhole) Knit to last 3 sts. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K1. =5th
row:= As 1st. row. Keeping Garter st. border continue in Stocking st.
working 3 more buttonholes 4 rows apart ending with purl row. Proceed:-

=1st row:= Knit. =2nd row:= K18. P9. K1. =3rd row:= Knit to last 3 sts. Wl.
fwd. K2tog. K1. =4th row:= Cast off 14 sts. K4. P9. K1. Keeping Garter st.
border of 4 sts. continue even until armhole from first shaping measures 3
ins. =(=_6 mos.--3-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--3-1/2 ins._=)=. Shape shoulder
as given for Front.

Cast on 5 sts. and knit across 23 sts. from st. holder. Work to correspond
to other side, omitting buttonholes.

SLEEVES: Cast on 28 sts. Work 5 rows Garter st. Proceed:-

=1st row:= *K3. Inc. 1. st. in next st. Repeat from * to end of row. 35
sts. on needle. Continue in Stocking st. inc. 1. st. each end of needle
every following 10th row to 43 sts. on needle. Continue even until sleeve
from beginning measures 5-1/2 ins. =(=_6 mos.--6 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--7
ins._=)= ending with purl row. Cast off 2 sts. beginning every row to 11
sts. on needle. Cast off.

TO MAKE UP: Press all pieces carefully. Sew all seams. Sew buttons to
correspond to buttonholes. Sew in sleeves.


=(E) GIRL'S BONNET=--_Illustrated on page 8_

  MATERIALS: =3 ply BEEHIVE NON-SHRINK BABY WOOL.= 1 oz. 2 yds. Ribbon.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:             =3 mos.=   =6 mos.=  =9 mos.=
  Width all round brim    11-1/2 ins.   12 ins.   13 ins.

Cast on 96 sts. Work 1-1/4 ins. Stocking st. ending with purl row. Work
1-1/2 ins. ribbing (K2. P2.) inc. 1. st. at end of last row. With wrong
side of work facing proceed:-

=**1st row:= *K1. (K2tog.) twice. (Wl. fwd. K1) 3 times. Wl. fwd. (K2tog.)
twice. Repeat from * to last st. K1. =2nd and 3rd rows:= Knit. =4th row:=
K1. Purl to last st. K1. Repeat 1st. to 4th rows 9 times. Proceed:-

=1st row:= Inc. 1. st. in 1st. st. Knit to end of row. =2nd and alternate
rows:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. =3rd row:= *K5. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o. K2tog.
K5. Repeat from * to end of row. =5th row:= Knit. =7th row:= *K4. Sl. 1.
K1. p.s.s.o. K2tog. K4. Repeat from * to end of row. =9th row:= Knit. =11th
row:= *K3. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o. K2tog. K3. Repeat from * to end of row.
=13th row:= *K2. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o. K2tog. K2. Repeat from * to end of
row. =15th row:= *K1. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o. K2tog. K1. Repeat from * to end
of row. =17th row:= *Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o. K2tog. Repeat from * to end of
row. Break wool. Thread end through remaining sts. Draw up and fasten
securely.**

FRILL: Cast on 8 sts. =1st row:= Knit. =2nd row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1.
=3rd row:= Knit. Repeat those 3 rows until piece is long enough to "frill"
along turn back part of bonnet.

TO MAKE UP: Press carefully. Do not press frill. Sew frill along turn back.
Sew up back seam for 2-1/4 ins. from top of bonnet. Make ribbon rosettes
and sew to bonnet as illustrated.


=(D) BOY'S CAP=--_Illustrated on page 8_

  MATERIALS: =3 ply BEEHIVE NON-SHRINK BABY WOOL.= 1 oz.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:            =3 mos.=    =6 mos.=    =9 mos.=
  Width all round brim     12 ins.     13 ins.     14 ins

Cast on 107 sts. Knit 5 rows Garter st. =6th row:= Knit. =7th row:= K1.
Purl to last st. K1. Repeat 6th and 7th rows until work measures 2-1/4 ins.
from beginning, ending with purl row. Work 1-1/2 ins. ribbing (K2. P2.)
dec. in last row to 97 sts. With wrong side of work facing work from ** to
** as given for Girl's Bonnet, above.

TO MAKE UP: Press lightly. Sew up back seam.


=(H) BABY'S 4 PLY BOOTEES=--_Illustrated on page 3_

     MATERIALS: =4 ply MISS CANADA FINGERING.= 3 ozs. will make 2
     prs. Two No. 9 Beehive Knitting Needles.

Tension: 7 sts. and 10 rows = 1 inch.

Cast on 36 sts. Work 2 ins. ribbing =(=K2. P2.=)=. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K24. Turn. =2nd row:= K12. Turn. =3rd row:= K13. Turn. =4th
row:= K14. Turn. =5th row:= K15. Turn. =6th row:= K16. Turn. Continue in
this manner until all sts. are worked onto one needle. Continue even in
Garter st. until work measures 4-1/2 ins. from beginning at side edge.
=Next row:= K1. K2tog. Knit to last 3 sts. K2tog. K1. Knit 3 rows even.
Repeat last 4 rows twice. 30 sts. on needle. Continue even in Garter st.
until work from beginning measures 6-1/2 ins. at side edge. Proceed:-

=To make toe:= K20. Turn. K10. Turn. Working on these 10 sts. knit 18 rows
(9 ridges) for toe flap.

=To make foot:= Pick up and knit 9 sts. along side of toe flap. Knit
remaining 10 sts. =Next row:= K29. Pick up and knit 9 sts. along other side
of toe flap. Knit remaining 10 sts. 48 sts. on needle. Knit 4 ridges. =Next
row:= K1. K2tog. Knit to centre 4 sts. (K2tog.) twice. Knit to last 3 sts.
K2tog. K1. =Next row:= Knit. Repeat these 2 rows twice. Cast off. Sew leg
and foot seam. Make another bootee to correspond.




_In Angora_

[Illustration: Bonnet and Bootees--_See below._ Coat--_See page 19._]


=ANGORA BONNET=

  MATERIALS: =FUZZY WUZZY ANGORA=. One 1/2-oz. ball White. 2 yds. Ribbon.

=For Needles and Tension see Angora coat, page 19.=

  MEASUREMENTS:          =3 mos.=      =6 mos.=   =9 mos.=
  Width all round brim  11-1/2 ins.  13 ins.  14 ins.

Cast on 62 sts. Knit 5 rows Garter st. Work 3 complete patterns as given
for Coat, see page 19. =Next row:= K2. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of
row. Repeat this row 11 times. =Next row:= K2. *Inc. 1. st. in next st.
(K1. P1) twice. Inc. 1. st. in next st. (P1. K1) twice. Repeat from * 5
times. 74 sts. on needle. Work 3 complete patterns. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K1. *K10. K2tog. Repeat from * to last st. K1. =2nd and
alternate rows:= Knit. =3rd row:= K1. *K9. K2tog. Repeat from * to last st.
K1. =5th row:= K1. *K8. K2tog. Repeat from * to last st. K1. Continue
decreasing in this manner every alternate row to 20 sts. on needle. =Next
row:= *K2tog. Repeat from * to end of row. Break wool. Thread end through
remaining sts. Draw up and fasten securely. Sew up 3 ins. of back seam.
Make ribbon rosettes and sew to bonnet as illustrated.


=ANGORA BOOTEES=

  MATERIALS: =FUZZY WUZZY ANGORA.= One 1/2-oz. ball White. Length of
  Ribbon.

=For Needles and Tension see Angora Coat, page 19.=

Cast on 32 sts. Knit 5 rows Garter st. Work 2 complete patterns as given
for Coat, see page 19. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K2. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row. Repeat 1st. row once.
=3rd row:= (eyelets) K2. *Wl. fwd. K2tog. P1. K1. Repeat from * to last 2
sts. Wl. fwd. K2tog. Repeat 1st. row twice.

=To make foot:= K11. On next 10 sts. knit 20 rows Garter st. (10 ridges).
(This is for instep). Break wool. With right side of work facing join wool,
pick up and knit 11 sts. along side of instep, knit the 10 instep sts.,
pick up and knit 11 sts. along other side of instep and knit remaining 11
sts. 54 sts. on needle. Knit 4 ridges. =Next row:= K1. K2tog. Knit to
centre 4 sts. (K2tog.) twice. Knit to last 3 sts. K2tog. K1. =Next row:=
Knit. Repeat these 2 rows twice. Cast off. Sew up seam. Thread ribbon
through eyelets at ankle. Make another bootee to correspond.


=ANGORA COAT=--_Illustrated on opposite page_

  MATERIALS: =FUZZY WUZZY ANGORA.= Four 1/2-oz. balls White. Two
  No. 9 Beehive Knitting Needles.
  =(=_6 mos--No. 8_=)= =(=_9 mos.--No. 7_=)= Needles. 2 Buttons.

  MEASUREMENTS:                    =3 mos.=    =6 mos.=     =9 mos.=
  Width all round at underarm     18    ins.  19     ins.  19-1/2 ins.
  Length from top of shoulder     10     "    10-1/2  "    11      "
  Length of sleeve underarm seam   5-1/2 "     6      "     7      "

  Tension: 6-1/2 sts. = 1 inch with No. 9 needles.
           6     sts. = 1 inch with No. 8 needles.
           5-1/2 sts. = 1 inch with No. 7 needles.

PATTERN: =1st row:= K1 *Wl. fwd. K3tog. Wl. fwd. K3. Repeat from * to
last st. K1. =2nd row:= K1. *P3. K3. Repeat from * to last st. K1. =3rd
and 4th rows:= As 2nd row. =5th row:= K1. *K3. Wl. fwd. K3tog. Wl. fwd.
Repeat from * to last st. K1. =6th row:= K1. *K3. P3. Repeat from * to
last st. K1. =7th and 8th rows:= As 6th row. These 8 rows complete one
pattern.

BACK: Cast on 62 sts. Knit 5 rows Garter st. Work 7 complete patterns. Work
from beginning now measures approx. 7 ins. =(=_6 mos.--7-1/4 ins._=)= =(=_9
mos.--7-1/2 ins._=)=.

=To shape armholes:= =1st row:= Cast off 3 sts. K1. *K3. Wl. fwd.
K3tog. Wl. fwd. Repeat from * to last 4 sts. K4. =2nd row:= Cast off 3
sts. K1. *K3. P3. Repeat from * to last st. K1. =3rd row:= K1. K2tog.
K1. *P3. K3. Repeat from * to last 4 sts. P1. P2tog. K1. =4th row:=
*K3. P3. Repeat from * to last 6 sts. K3. P2. K1. =5th row:= K1. K2tog.
*K3. Wl. fwd. K3tog. Wl. fwd. Repeat from * to last 3 sts. K2tog. K1.
=6th row:= K1. P1. *K3. P3. Repeat from * to last 5 sts. P3. K2. =7th
row:= K1. K2tog. K2. *P3. K3. Repeat from * to last 5 sts. P2. P2tog.
K1. =8th row:= K1. *K3. P3. Repeat from * to last st. K1. Work 1
complete pattern then 1st. to 7th row of next pattern. =Next row:= K1.
(K3. P3) twice. K24. (K3. P3) twice. K1.

=To shape shoulders:= =1st row:= Cast off 5 sts. K2. Wl. fwd. K3tog.
Wl. fwd. K27. (Wl. fwd. K3tog. Wl. fwd. K3) twice. K1. =2nd row:= Cast
off 5 sts. K2. P3. K27. P3. K3. P1. K1. =3rd row:= Cast off 5 sts. K27.
P3. K3. P1. K1. =4th row:= Cast off 5 sts. K27. P2. K1. Cast off.

RIGHT FRONT: Cast on 31 sts. Knit 5 rows Garter St. Proceed:-

**=1st row:= K6. *Wl. fwd. K3tog. Wl. fwd. K3. Repeat from * to last
st. K1. =2nd row:= K1. *P3. K3. Repeat from * to last 6 sts. K6. =3rd
row:= K6. *P3. K3. Repeat from * to last st. K1. =4th row:= As 2nd row.
=5th row:= K6. *K3. Wl. fwd. K3tog. Wl. fwd. Repeat from * to last st.
K1. =6th row:= K1. *K3. P3. Repeat from * to last 6 sts. K6. =7th row:=
K6. *K3. P3. Repeat from * to last st. K1. =8th row:= K1. *K3. P3.
Repeat from * to last 6 sts. K6.** Repeat from ** to ** 6 times, then
1st. row once.

=To shape armhole:= =1st row:= Cast off 3 sts. K1. *K3. P3. Repeat from *
to last 9 sts. K9. =2nd row:= K6. *P3. K3. Repeat from * to last 4 sts. P1.
P2tog. K1. =3rd row:= *K3. P3. Repeat from * to last 9 sts. K9. =4th row:=
K6. *K3. Wl. fwd. K3tog. Wl. fwd. Repeat from * to last 3 sts. K2tog. K1.
=5th row:= K1. P1. *K3. P3. Repeat from * to last 6 sts. K6. =6th row:= K6.
*K3. P3. Repeat from * to last 8 sts. K3. P2. P2tog. K1. =7th row:= K1.
*K3. P3. Repeat from * to last 6 sts. K6. Repeat from ** to ** once.

=To shape neck:= =1st row:= K12. (Wl. fwd. K3tog. Wl. fwd. K3) twice.
K1. =2nd row:= K1. (P3. K3) twice. K12. =3rd row:= K12. (P3. K3) twice.
K1. =4th row:= As 2nd row. =5th row:= (buttonhole) K2. Wl. fwd. K2tog.
K11. Wl. fwd. K3tog. Wl. fwd. K3. Wl. fwd. K3tog. Wl. fwd. K1. =6th
row:= K1. (K3. P3) twice. K12. =7th row:= Cast off 10 sts. K2. (K3.
P3) twice. K1. =8th row:= K1. (K3. P3) twice. K2. =9th row:= K2. (Wl.
fwd. K3tog. Wl. fwd. K3) twice. K1. =10th row:= K1. (P3. K3) twice. K2.
=11th row:= K2. (P3. K3) twice. K1.

=To shape shoulder:= =1st row:= Cast off 5 sts. K2. P3. K5. =2nd row:= K5.
Wl. fwd. K3tog. Wl. fwd. K2. =3rd row:= Cast off 5 sts. P3. K2. =4th row:=
Knit. Cast off.

LEFT FRONT: Cast on 31 sts. Knit 5 rows Garter st. Proceed:-

***=1st row:= K1. *Wl. fwd. K3tog. Wl. fwd. K3. Repeat from * to last
6 sts. K6. =2nd row:= K6. *P3. K3. Repeat from * to last st. K1. =3rd
row:= K1. *P3. K3. Repeat from * to last 6 sts. K6. =4th row:= As 2nd
row. =5th row:= K1. *K3. Wl. fwd. K3tog. Wl. fwd. Repeat from * to last
6 sts. K6. =6th row:= K6. *K3. P3. Repeat from * to last st. K1. =7th
row:= K1. *K3. P3. Repeat from * to last 6 sts. K6. =8th row:= K6. *K3.
P3. Repeat from * to last st. K1.*** Repeat from *** to *** 6 times.

=To shape armhole:= =1st row:= Cast off 3 sts. K1. *K3. Wl. fwd. K3tog.
Wl. fwd. Repeat from * to last 9 sts. K9. =2nd row:= K6. *P3. K3.
Repeat from * to last 4 sts. P3. K1. =3rd row:= K1. K2tog. K1. *P3. K3.
Repeat from * to last 6 sts. K6. =4th row:= K6. *P3. K3. Repeat from *
to last 3 sts. P2. K1. =5th row:= K1. K2tog. *K3. Wl. fwd. K3tog. Wl.
fwd. Repeat from * to last 6 sts. K6. =6th row:= K6. *K3. P3. Repeat
from * to last 2 sts. K2. =7th row:= K1. K2tog. K2. *P3. K3. Repeat
from * to last 9 sts. P3. K6. =8th row:= K6. *K3. P3. Repeat from * to
last st. K1. Repeat from *** to *** once.

=To shape neck:= =1st row:= K1. (Wl. fwd. K3tog. Wl. fwd. K3) twice.
K12. =2nd row:= K12. (P3. K3) twice. K1. =3rd row:= K1. (P3. K3) twice.
K12. =4th row:= As 2nd row. =5th row:= (buttonhole) K1. (K3. Wl. fwd.
K3tog. Wl. fwd.) twice. K8. K2tog. Wl. fwd. K2. =6th row:= Cast off 10
sts. K2. (K3. P3) twice. K1. =7th row:= K1. (K3. P3) twice. K2. =8th
row:= K2. (K3. P3) twice. K1. =9th row:= K1. (Wl. fwd. K3tog. Wl. fwd.
K3) twice. K2. =10th row:= K2. (P3. K3) twice. K1. =11th row:= K1. (P3.
K3) twice. K2. =12th row:= As 10th row.

=To shape shoulder:= =1st row:= Cast off 5 sts. K5. Wl. fwd. K3tog. Wl.
fwd. K2. =2nd row:= K5. P3. K2. =3rd row:= Cast off 5 sts. P3. K2. =4th
row:= Knit. Cast off.

SLEEVES: Cast on 32 sts. =1st row:= K2. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of
row. Repeat 1st. row 9 times. =11th row:= K2. *Inc. 1. st. in next st. (K1.
P1) twice. Inc. 1. st. in next st. (P1. K1) twice. Repeat from * twice. 38
sts. on needle. Continue even in pattern until sleeve from beginning
measures 5-1/2 ins. =(=_6 mos.--6 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--7 ins._=)=. Keeping
continuity of pattern cast off 2 sts. beginning every row to 14 sts. on
needle. Cast off.

TO MAKE UP: Press pieces carefully. Sew all seams. Sew in sleeves. Make a
link with the buttons and thread through buttonholes.


(G) BABY'S 3 PLY BOOTEES--_Illustrated on page 3_

     MATERIALS: =3 ply BEEHIVE NON-SHRINK BABY WOOL=. 1 oz. White.
     Small quantity Pink. Two No. 12 Beehive Knitting Needles. Two
     Buttons.

Tension: 9 sts. and 11 rows = 1 inch.

With Pink wool cast on 48 sts. Work 7 rows ribbing (K2. P2). Join White
wool. Knit 1 row. Work 7 rows ribbing. Join Pink wool. Knit 1 row. Work 7
rows ribbing. Join White wool and working in Garter st. proceed:-

=1st row:= K32. Turn. =2nd row:= K16. Turn. =3rd row:= K17. Turn. =4th
row:= K18. Turn. Continue in this manner, knitting 1 extra st. in every row
until all sts. are worked onto one needle. Knit 1-1/2 ins. Garter st. Dec.
1. st. each end of needle next and every following 8th row to 40 sts. Knit
16 rows. (8 ridges). =Next row:= With wrong side of work facing K26. Turn.
K12. Working on these 12 sts. knit 27 rows, ending with wrong side of work
facing. Break wool. Join White wool where 14 sts. were left. K14. Break
White wool. Join Pink wool. =Next row:= K14. Pick up and knit 15 sts. along
side of foot. Knit the 12 sts. across toe. Pick up and knit 15 sts. along
other side of foot. K14. 70 sts. on needle. Knit 6 ridges. =Next row:= K1.
K2tog. Knit to centre 4 sts. (K2tog.) twice. Knit to last 3 sts. K2tog. K1.
=Next row:= Knit. Repeat these 2 rows twice. Cast off.

STRAP: With Pink wool cast on 40 sts. Knit 3 ridges. Cast off. Make a loop
at one end and sew button to other end. Sew back seam of bootee. Sew centre
of strap to back seam of bootee just above pink foot. Make another bootee
to correspond.




=Cuddly Hour=

[Illustration: Knitted Shawl _See opposite page._]


=KNITTED SHAWL=

_Illustrated on opposite page_

  MATERIALS: =2 ply BEEHIVE FINGERING=. 6 ozs. White. Two No. 7
  Beehive Knitting Needles.

  MEASUREMENTS: Approx. 40 ins. × 40 ins.

  Tension: 7 sts. and 8 rows = 1 inch.

THE CENTRE: Cast on 3 sts. =1st row:= W.r.n. Knit to end of row. Repeat
first row until there are 64 loops up each side of work. =Next row:= W.r.n.
K3tog. Knit to end of row. Repeat last row to 3 sts. Cast off.

_The shawl may be made larger by repeating the first row as given for
centre until extra loops, divisible by 16, are obtained at each side. Then
for every extra 16 loops there will be one more pattern in the border at
each side of the shawl._

THE BORDER: With right side of work facing, pick up and knit the loops from
one side. =Next row:= W.r.n. Knit to end of row. Proceed:-

=1st row:= W.r.n. K1. *K5. (Wl. fwd. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o.) 3 times. K5.
Repeat from * to end of row.

=2nd and alternate rows:= W.r.n. Knit to end of row.

=3rd row:= W.r.n. K3. *K2. K2tog. Wl. fwd. K1. (Wl. fwd. Sl. 1. K1.
p.s.s.o.) 3 times. K5. Repeat from * to end of row.

=5th row:= W.r.n. K5. *(K2tog. Wl. fwd.) twice. K1. (Wl. fwd. Sl. 1. K1.
p.s.s.o.) 3 times. K5. Repeat from * to end of row.

=7th row:= W.r.n. K5. *(K2tog. Wl. fwd.) 3 times. K1. (Wl. fwd. Sl. 1. K1.
p.s.s.o.) 3 times. K3. Repeat from * to last 2 sts. K2.

=9th row:= W.r.n. K5. *(K2tog. Wl. fwd.) 3 times. K3. (Wl. fwd. Sl. 1. K1.
p.s.s.o.) 3 times. K1. Repeat from * to last 4 sts. K4.

=11th row:= W.r.n. K5. K2tog. *Wl. fwd. (K2tog. Wl. fwd.) twice. K5. (Wl.
fwd. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o.) twice. Wl. fwd. Sl. 1. K2tog. p.s.s.o. Repeat
from * to last 20 sts. Wl. fwd. (K2tog. Wl. fwd.) twice. K5. (Wl. fwd. Sl.
1. K1. p.s.s.o.) 3 times. K5.

=13th row:= W.r.n. K5. K2tog. *Wl. fwd. (K2tog. Wl. fwd.) twice. K7. Wl.
fwd. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o. Wl. fwd. Sl. 1. K2tog. p.s.s.o. Repeat from * to
last 6 sts. Wl. fwd. K6.

=15th row:= W.r.n. K5. K2tog. *Wl. fwd. (K2tog. Wl. fwd.) twice. K9. Wl.
fwd. Sl. 1. K2tog. p.s.s.o. Repeat from * to last 8 sts. Wl. fwd. K2tog.
Wl. fwd. K6.

=16th row:= W.r.n. Knit to end of row.

Repeat these 16 rows 3 times. Then 1st. to 15th row once. =16th row:= K144
sts. Cast on 23 sts. (these 23 sts. form beginning of Peak).

THE PEAK: K23. Turn. Proceed:

=1st row:= Sl. 1. K2. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K1. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K2. (Wl. fwd.
K2tog.) twice. K5. Wl. fwd. K2tog. Wl. fwd. K2.

=2nd row:= K18. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K1. Wl. fwd. (K2tog.) twice. Turn. (The
last 2 sts. knit together are 1. st. from the peak and 1. st. from the
shawl, thus attaching the peak to the shawl. The peak is attached in this
manner every alternate row as instructed).

=3rd row:= Sl. 1. K2. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K1. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K3. (Wl. fwd.
K2tog.) twice. K5. Wl. fwd. K2tog. Wl. fwd. K2.

=4th row:= K19. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K1. Wl. fwd. (K2tog.) twice. Turn.

=5th row:= Sl. 1. K2. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K1. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K4. (Wl. fwd.
K2tog.) twice. K5. Wl. fwd. K2tog. Wl. fwd. K2.

=6th row:= K20. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K1. Wl. fwd. (K2tog.) twice. Turn.

=7th row:= Sl. 1. K2. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K1. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K5. (Wl. fwd.
K2tog.) twice. K5. Wl. fwd. K2tog. Wl. fwd. K2.

=8th row:= K21. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K1. Wl. fwd. (K2tog.) twice. Turn.

=9th row:= Sl. 1. K2. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K1. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K6. (Wl. fwd.
K2tog.) twice. K5. Wl. fwd. K2tog. Wl. fwd. K2.

=10th row:= K22. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K1. Wl. fwd. (K2tog.) twice. Turn.

=11th row:= Sl. 1. K2. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K1. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K7. (Wl. fwd.
K2tog.) twice. K5. Wl. fwd. K2tog. Wl. fwd. K2.

=12th row:= K23. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K1. Wl. fwd. (K2tog.) twice. Turn.

=13th row:= Sl. 1. K2. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K1. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K17. Wl. fwd.
K2tog. Wl. fwd. K2.

=14th row:= K24. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K1. Wl. fwd. (K2tog.) twice. Turn.

=15th row:= Sl. 1. K2. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K1. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K22.

=16th row:= Cast off 7 sts. loosely. K17. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K1. Wl. fwd.
(K2tog.) twice. Turn.

This completes 1 Peak. Repeat from 1st. to 16th row until all sts. from the
border have been worked up. Slip these sts. on spare needle to be carried
forward for next side. With right side of work facing, begin again from
beginning of border. After working each border pick up sts. of last row of
peaks and continue in pattern.

When the 4 sides are completed, cast off peak sts. Sew together cast-on and
cast-off edges of peak. Join together corners of border by sewing through
loops very loosely in herring bone st. Roll in a damp towel for several
hours, then spread out flat, pinning each peak out separately with rustless
pins and leave until dry.


(=C=) =SLIPPERS=--_Illustrated on page 15_

     MATERIALS: =4 ply MISS CANADA FINGERING=. 1 oz. will make 2
     prs. Two small Buttons. Two Rose Buds.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

Beginning with slipper sole, cast on 19 sts. =1st row:= K1. *P1. K1. Repeat
from * to end of row. Continue in Moss st. inc. 1. st. each end of needle
next and every alternate row to 27 sts. on needle. Continue in Moss st.
dec. 1. st. each end of needle every alternate row to 19 sts. on needle.
Work 2 rows even, casting on 6 sts. at beginning of 2nd row for heel of
slipper. =Next row:= Inc. 1. st. in 1st. st. (toe of slipper). Moss st. to
end of row. Work 1 row even. Repeat last 2 rows to 30 sts. on needle,
ending at heel edge. =Next row:= Cast off 16 sts. K1. P1. K1. Knit to end
of row. =Next row:= K1. P10. K1. P1. K1. =Next row:= K1. P1. K1. Knit to
end of row. Repeat last 2 rows 4 times, ending at toe edge. Work 2 rows in
Moss st. casting on 16 sts. at beginning of 2nd row. Continue in Moss st.
dec. 1. st. at toe edge on next and every alternate row to 25 sts. Cast
off.

Make another slipper to correspond.

=Ankle Strap:= (make 2) Cast on 29 sts. Work 1 row Moss st. =2nd row:=
(buttonhole) K1. P1. W.r.n. P2tog. Moss st. to end of row. Work 1 row Moss
st. Cast off in Moss st.

TO MAKE UP: Sew centre back seam. Put back point of sole to this seam and
sew sole into position. Sew up toe opening. Sew ankle strap to back of
slipper. Sew button to one end. Sew rose bud to Front of each slipper.




_Cuddly Hour_

[Illustration: CROCHETED SHAWL]


  MATERIALS: =2 ply BEEHIVE FINGERING=. 5 ozs. One No. 1 Steel Crochet
  Hook.(American Gauge).

  MEASUREMENTS: 27 ins. × 27 ins.

  Tension: 1 pattern and 4 rows = 3/4 inch.

THE CENTRE: Ch. 256 sts. =1st row:= 1. s.c. in 8th Ch. from hook. *Ch. 3.
Miss 3 sts. 1. s.c. in next st. Repeat from * to end of row. 63 loops in
row. Ch. 3. Turn. =2nd row:= 4. d.c. in 1st. loop. (1 block). *Ch. 2. 1.
s.c. in next loop. Ch. 2. 4. d.c. in next loop. Repeat from * to end of
row. Ch. 4. Turn. =3rd row:= 1. s.c. in 4th d.c. of 1st. block. *Ch. 3. 1.
s.c. in 1st. d.c. of next block. Ch. 3. 1. s.c. in 4th d.c. of same block.
Repeat from * to end of row. Ch. 5. Turn. =4th row:= 1. s.c. in 1st. loop.
*Ch. 2. 4. d.c. in next loop. Ch. 2. 1. s.c. in next loop. Repeat from * to
end of row, ending with 1. s.c. in last loop. Ch. 2. 1. d.c. in 2nd st. of
turning Ch. of previous row. Ch. 4. Turn. =5th row:= *1. s.c. in 1st. d.c.
of next block. Ch. 3. 1. s.c. in 4th d.c. of same block. Ch. 3. Repeat from
* to end of row, ending with 1. s.c. in 3rd st. of turning Ch. of previous
row. Ch. 3. Turn. These last 4 rows complete one pattern. Continue even in
pattern until work measures 24 ins. from beginning ending with 3rd pattern
row. Do not turn. Work a row of loops (as in 1st. row) along side of work
as follows:-

*Ch. 3. Miss a block row. 1. s.c. in the end of a loop row. Repeat from *
to end of row. Fasten off. Join wool at opposite side and work a row of
loops along the side in same manner. Do not break wool.

THE BORDER: =1st round:= Ch. 3. 4. d.c. in corner of the centre. (the Ch.
3. counts as 1. d.c., making this a 5. d.c. group). *(Ch. 3. 1. s.c. in
next loop) twice. Ch. 3. 3. d.c. in next loop. Repeat from * around the
centre, working 5 d.c. in each corner. Join with s.s. =2nd round:= Ch. 4.
1. d.c. in next d.c. (1 space just made). Ch. 1. 2. d.c. Ch. 2. 2. d.c. all
in next d.c. (centre of the 5. d.c. group). (Ch. 1. 1. d.c. in next d.c.)
twice. *Ch. 3. Miss. 1. loop. 1. s.c. in next loop. Ch. 3. 1. d.c. in next
d.c. Ch. 1. 2. d.c. Ch. 2. 2. d.c. all in next d.c. (centre of the 3. d.c.
group). Ch. 1. 1. d.c. in next d.c. Repeat from * around the centre,
working the succeeding corners to correspond with 1st. Join with s.s. =3rd
round:= s.s. into 1st. space. Ch. 4. 1. d.c. in next space. (1 space just
made). Ch. 1. 3. d.c. Ch. 2. 3. d.c. all in next space. (centre space of
scallop) (Ch. 1. 1. d.c. in next space) twice. *Ch. 1. 1. s.c. in next
loop. Ch. 3. 1. s.c. in next loop. Ch. 1. 1. d.c. in next space. Ch. 1. 2.
d.c. Ch. 2. 2. d.c. all in next space. (centre space of scallop). Ch. 1. 1.
d.c. in next space. Repeat from * around the centre, working the succeeding
corners to correspond with 1st. Join with s.s. =4th round:= s.s. into 1st.
space. Ch. 4. 1. d.c. in next space. (1 space just made). Ch. 1. Miss 1.
d.c. 1. d.c. in next d.c. Ch. 1. 3. d.c. Ch. 2. 3. d.c. all in next space.
(centre space of scallop). Ch. 1. Miss 1. d.c. 1. d.c. in next d.c. (Ch. 1.
1. d.c. in next space) twice. *Ch. 3. Miss 1 space. 1. s.c. in next loop.
Ch. 3. Miss 1 space. 1. d.c. in next space. Ch. 1. 2. d.c. Ch. 2. 2. d.c.
in next space. (centre space of scallop). Ch. 1. 1. d.c. in next space.
Repeat from * around the centre working the succeeding corners to
correspond with 1st. Join with s.s. =5th round:= s.s. into 1st. space. Ch.
8. 1. s.c. in 5th Ch. from hook. 1. d.c. in next space. Make 1 picot as
follows:- Ch. 5. 1. s.c. in top of last d.c. worked. 1. d.c. in next space.
Picot. 1. d.c. in centre d.c. of 3. d.c. group. (Picot. 1. d.c. in centre
space of scallop) 4 times. Picot. 1. d.c. in centre d.c. of 3. d.c. group.
(Picot. 1. d.c. in next space) 3 times. *Ch. 1. 1. s.c. in each of next 2
loops. Ch. 1. 1. d.c. in next space. Picot. 1. d.c. in same space. (Picot.
1. d.c. in centre space of scallop) 4 times. (Picot. 1. d.c. in next space)
twice. Repeat from * around the centre, working the succeeding corners to
correspond with 1st. Join with s.s. Fasten off.


(B) DIAMOND AND SMOCKED COVER

_Illustrated on page 24_

  MATERIALS: =P & B SUPERIOR DOUBLE KNITTING=. 14 ozs. Two No. 6
  Beehive Knitting Needles.

  MEASUREMENTS: 30 ins. × 36 ins.

  Tension: 4 sts. and 6 rows = 1 inch.

Cast on 137 sts. =1st row:= K1. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row.
Repeat 1st. row for 3 ins. Proceed:-

**_1st row:_ (K1. P1) 5 times. K1. P3tog. *w.r.n. (P2. K2) 3 times. P2.
w.r.n. P5tog. Repeat from * to last 28 sts. w.r.n. (P2. K2) 3 times. P2.
w.r.n. P3tog. K1. (P1. K1) 5 times.

=2nd row:= (K1. P1) 6 times. K1. *(K2. P2) 3 times. K3. P1. K1. Repeat from
* to last 10 sts. (P1. K1) 5 times.

=3rd row:= (K1. P1) 6 times. K1. *w.r.n. (P2. K2) 3 times. P2. w.o.n. K1.
P1. K1. Repeat from * to last 10 sts. (P1. K1) 5 times.

=4th row:= (K1. P1) 7 times. *(K2. P2) 3 times. K2. (P1. K1) twice. P1.
Repeat from * to last 9 sts. K1. (P1. K1) 4 times.

=5th row:= (K1. P1) 7 times. *w.r.n. (P2. K2) 3 times. P2. w.r.n. (P1. K1)
twice. P1. Repeat from * to last 9 sts. K1. (P1. K1) 4 times.

=6th row:= (K1. P1) 7 times. K1. *(K2. P2) 3 times. K3. (P1. K1) 3 times.
Repeat from * to last 8 sts. (P1. K1) 4 times.

=7th row:= (K1. P1) 7 times. K1. *w.r.n. (P2. K2) 3 times. P2. w.o.n. (K1.
P1) 3 times. K1. Repeat from * to last 8 sts. (P1. K1) 4 times.

=8th row:= (K1. P1) 8 times. *(K2. P2) 3 times. K2. (P1. K1) 4 times. P1.
Repeat from * to last 7 sts. K1. (P1. K1) 3 times.

=9th row:= (K1. P1) 8 times. *w.r.n. P2. Count over 10 sts. from point of
left hand needle. Insert point of right hand needle between the 10th and
11th sts. on left hand needle. Pass the wool around the point of the right
hand needle and drawing a loop through to right side of work between 10th
and 11th sts., place it on the left hand needle. Knit the loop tog. with
the next st. on left hand needle. K1. (P2. K2) twice. P2. w.r.n. (P1. K1) 4
times. P1. Repeat from * to last 7 sts. K1. (P1. K1) 3 times.

=10th row:= (K1. P1) 8 times. K1. *(K2. P2) 3 times. K3. (P1. K1) 5 times.
Repeat from * to last 6 sts. (P1. K1) 3 times.

=11th row:= (K1. P1) 7 times. *K3tog. w.r.n. (P2. K2) 3 times. P2. w.o.n.
K3tog. (P1. K1) twice. P1. Repeat from * to last 9 sts. K1. (P1. K1) 4
times.

=12th row:= (K1. P1) 8 times. *(K2. P2) 3 times. K2. (P1. K1) 4 times. P1.
Repeat from * to last 7 sts. K1. (P1. K1) 3 times.

=13th row:= (K1. P1) 6 times. K1. *P3tog. w.r.n. (P2. K2) 3 times. P2.
w.r.n. P3tog. K1. P1. K1. Repeat from * to last 10 sts. (P1. K1) 5 times.

=14th row:= (K1. P1) 7 times. K1. *(K2. P2) 3 times. K3. (P1. K1) 3 times.
Repeat from * to last 8 sts. (P1. K1) 4 times.

=15th row:= (K1. P1) 6 times. *K3tog. w.r.n. (P2. K2) 3 times. P2. w.o.n.
K3tog. P1. Repeat from * to last 11 sts. K1. (P1. K1) 5 times.

=16th row:= (K1. P1) 7 times. *(K2. P2) 3 times. K2. (P1. K1) twice. P1.
Repeat from * to last 9 sts. K1. (P1. K1) 4 times.** Repeat from ** to **
11 times, then 1st. row once. =Next row:= (K1. P1) 12 times. Inc. 1. st. in
next st. *(K1. P1) 3 times. Inc. 1. st. in next st. Repeat from * 10 times.
(K1. P1) 11 times. K1. 137 sts. on needle. Work 3 ins. Moss st. to
correspond with border at beginning. Cast off in Moss pattern.


=(E) COT COVER=

_Illustrated on page 25_

  MATERIALS: =BEEHIVE LUSTRE CREPE.= 16 ozs. Two No. 9 Beehive
  Knitting Needles.

  MEASUREMENTS: 36 ins. × 36 ins.

  Tension: 6-1/2 sts. and 9 rows = 1 inch.

4 Blocks make 1 large square. 9 large squares (36 Blocks) make up the
cover.

THE BLOCKS: Cast on 2 sts. =1st row:= W.r.n. Knit to end of row. Repeat
1st. row 3 times. =5th row:= W.r.n. K2. Wl. fwd. K1. Wl. fwd. K3. =6th
row:= W.r.n. K3. P3. K3. =7th row:= W.r.n. K3. Wl. fwd. K3. Wl. fwd. K4.
=8th row:= W.r.n. K4. P5. K4. =9th row:= W.r.n. K4. Wl. fwd. K5. Wl. fwd.
K5. =10th row:= W.r.n. K5. P7. K5. =11th row:= W.r.n. K5. Wl. fwd. K7. Wl.
fwd. K6. =12th row:= W.r.n. K6. P9. K6. =13th row:= W.r.n. K6. Wl. fwd. K9.
Wl. fwd. K7. =14th row:= W.r.n. K7. P11. K7. =15th row:= W.r.n. K7. Wl.
fwd. K11. Wl. fwd. K8. =16th row:= W.r.n. K8. P13. K8. =17th row:= W.r.n.
K8. Wl. fwd. K13. Wl. fwd. K9. =18th row:= W.r.n. K9. P15. K9. =19th row:=
W.r.n. K9. Wl. fwd. K15. Wl. fwd. K10. =20th row:= W.r.n. K10. P17. K10.
=21st row:= W.r.n. K10. Sl.1. K1. p.s.s.o. K13. K2tog. K11. =22nd row:=
W.r.n. K11. P15. K11. =23rd row:= W.r.n. K11. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o. Wl. fwd.
Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o. K7. K2tog. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K12. =24th row:= W.r.n. K12.
P13. K12. =25th row:= W.r.n. K12. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o. Wl. fwd. Sl. 1. K1.
p.s.s.o. K5. K2tog. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K13. =26th row:= W.r.n. K13. P11. K13.
=27th row:= W.r.n. K13. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o. Wl. fwd. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o.
K3. K2tog. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K14. =28th row:= W.r.n. K14. P9. K14. =29th
row:= W.r.n. K14. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o. Wl. fwd. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o. K1.
K2tog. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K15. =30th row:= W.r.n. K15. P7. K15. =31st row:=
W.r.n. K15. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o. Wl. fwd. Sl. 1. K2tog. p.s.s.o. Wl. fwd.
K2tog. K16. =32nd row:= W.r.n. K16. P5. K16. =33rd row:= W.r.n. K16. Sl. 1.
K1. p.s.s.o. K1. K2tog. K17. =34th row:= W.r.n. K17. P3. K17. =35th row:=
W.r.n. K17. Sl. 1. K2tog. p.s.s.o. K18. =36th row:= W.r.n. Knit to end of
row. =37th row:= As 36th row. =38th row:= W.r.n. *K1. P1. Repeat from * to
last st. K1. =39th row:= W.r.n. *K1. P1. Repeat from * to last 2 sts. K2.
=40th row:= W.r.n. K2. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to last st. K1. =41st row:=
W.r.n. K2. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row. =42nd row:= W.r.n. K1.
Purl to last st. K1. 44 sts. on needle. Proceed:-

**=1st row:= K1. P2tog. Purl to last 3 sts. P2tog. K1. =2nd row:= K1. *Wl.
fwd. K2tog. Repeat from * to last 3 sts. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K1. =3rd row:= As
1st. row. =4th row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. =5th row:= K1. K2tog. Knit to
last 3 sts. K2tog. K1. =6th row:= As 4th row.** Repeat from ** to ** 5
times. =Next row:= K1. P2tog. Purl to last 3 sts. P2tog. K1. =Next row:=
Knit. Repeat these last 2 rows once. (K2tog.) twice. Fasten off. Make 35
more blocks in this manner.

Arrange 4 blocks with the petals of flower towards the centre to make one
large square. Join together the sides with the loops by sewing in
herringbone st. Sew the other sides in the usual manner. Make 9 large
squares.

THE BORDER: Cast on 2 sts. =1st row:= K1. Wl. fwd. K1. =2nd and 4th rows:=
Knit. =3rd row:= K1. Wl. fwd. K2. =5th row:= K1. Wl. fwd. Knit to end of
row. =6th row:= Knit. Repeat 5th and 6th rows to 18 sts. on needle. Knit 30
ins. even in Garter st. ending at longer edge. Proceed:-

_1st row:_ Knit to last 4 sts. K2tog. Wl. fwd. K2tog. =2nd and alternate
rows:= Knit. Repeat 1st. and 2nd rows to 4 sts. on needle. =Next row:=
Knit. =Next row:= K2tog. Wl. fwd. K2tog. =Next row:= Knit. =Next row:= K1.
K2tog. Fasten off. Make 3 more pieces to correspond.

Press very lightly and sew to centre. Sew the mitred corners.

[Illustration: BB Logo]




--_For Cots_

[Illustration: (A) (_Above_)--_See page 26._ (B) (_Above_)--_See page 23._
(C) (_Left_)--_See page 26._]

_and Prams_

[Illustration: (D) (_Above_)--_See page 26._ (E) (_Above_)--_See page 23._
(F) (_Right_)--_See page 26._]


=(C) DIAMOND COVER=--_Illustrated on page 24_

  MATERIALS: =P & B SUPERIOR DOUBLE KNITTING=. 14 ozs. Two No. 8
  Beehive Knitting Needles. 2 yds. Ribbon 3 ins. wide.

  MEASUREMENTS: 26 ins. × 30 ins.

  Tension: 5 sts. and 7 rows = 1 inch.

Cast on 139 sts. Knit 2 ins. even in Garter st. Proceed:-

**=1st row:= K20. *P3. K21. Repeat from * to last 23 sts. P3. K20.

=2nd row:= K10. P8. *K3. P1. K3. P17. Repeat from * to last 25 sts. K3. P1.
K3. P8. K10.

=3rd row:= K17. *P3. K3. P3. K15. Repeat from * to last 26 sts. P3. K3. P3.
K17.

=4th row:= K10. P6. *K3. P5. K3. P13. Repeat from * to last 27 sts. K3. P5.
K3. P6. K10.

=5th row:= K15. *P3. K7. P3. K11. Repeat from * to last 28 sts. P3. K7. P3.
K15.

=6th row:= K10. P4. *K3. P9. Repeat from * to last 17 sts. K3. P4. K10.

=7th row:= K13. *P3. K11. P3. K7. Repeat from * to last 30 sts. P3. K11.
P3. K13.

=8th row:= K10. P2. *K3. P13. K3. P5. Repeat from * to last 31 sts. K3.
P13. K3. P2. K10.

=9th row:= K11. *P3. K15. P3. K3. Repeat from * to last 32 sts. P3. K15.
P3. K11.

=10th row:= K10. *K3. P17. K3. P1. Repeat from * to last 33 sts. K3. P17.
K13.

=11th row:= K10. P1. *K21. P3. Repeat from * to last 32 sts. K21. P1. K10.
Work back from 10th to 2nd row.** Repeat from ** to ** until work measures
approx. 28 ins. ending with 1st. pattern row. Knit 2 ins. even in Garter
st. Cast off.

TO MAKE UP: Press lightly. Make ribbon bow and sew to cover as illustrated.


=(A) THE LAYETTE COVER=--_Illustrated on page 24_

_This matches the Layette shown on page 3_

  MATERIALS: =4 ply BEEHIVE FINGERING=. 4 ozs. White. 8 ozs. Pink No. 2019.
  Two No. 9 Beehive Knitting Needles. Two Stitch Holders.

  MEASUREMENTS: 28 ins. × 30 ins.

  Tension: 7 sts. and 9 rows = 1 inch.

With Pink wool cast on 193 sts. Knit 32 rows Garter st. =33rd row:= K21.
Leave these 21 sts. on st. holder. Knit to last 21 sts. Leave these 21 sts.
on 2nd st. holder. Working on remaining 151 sts. repeat pattern as given
for Baby's Coat (A), see page 2, until work measures approx. 28 ins. from
beginning ending with the 8th pattern row. Repeat first 4 pattern rows.
Leave these sts. on spare needle. Proceed:-

With Pink wool pick up 21 sts. from the 2nd st. holder and knit even in
Garter st. until same length as centre piece, ending at inside edge. Leave
these 21 sts. on st. holder. With Pink wool pick up 21 sts. from first st.
holder and knit even in Garter st. until same length as centre piece,
ending at outside edge. =Next row:= With Pink wool knit the 21 sts. of
border, the 151 sts. of centre, the 21 sts. of the other border onto same
needle. 193 sts. on needle. Knit 32 rows Garter st. Cast off.

TO MAKE UP: Sew the borders to the centre. Press cover carefully.


=(D) CABLE ST. COVER=--_Illustrated on page 25_

  MATERIALS: =P & B SUPERIOR DOUBLE KNITTING=. 16 ozs. Two No. 6
  Beehive Knitting Needles. One needle with points at both ends.

  MEASUREMENTS: 30 ins. × 35 ins.

  Tension: 4 sts. and 6 rows = 1 inch.

Cast on 144 sts. =1st row:= *K2. P2. Repeat from * to last 4 sts. K2. P1.
K1. =2nd row:= As 1st. row. =3rd row:= K1. P1. K2. *P2. K2. Repeat from *
to end of row. =4th row:= As 3rd row. These 4 rows form border pattern.
Continue in pattern until work measures approx. 3-1/2 ins. ending with 2nd
pattern row. =Next row:= K1. P1. K2. (P2. K2) 3 times. P2. *K12. P2. Inc.
1. st. in each of next 6 sts. P2. Repeat from * to last 16 sts. (P2. K2) 4
times. 174 sts. on needle. =Next row:= K1. P1. K2. (P2. K2) 3 times. K2.
*P12. K2. Repeat from * to last 16 sts. (P2. K2) 4 times. Proceed:-

**=1st row:= Work 16 sts. border pattern. P2. *K12. P2. Repeat from * to
last 16 sts. Work 16 sts. border pattern.

=2nd row:= Work 16 sts. border pattern. K2. *P12. K2. Repeat from * to last
16 sts. Work 16 sts. border pattern. Repeat 1st. and 2nd rows twice.

=7th row:= Work 16 sts. border pattern. P2. *K12. P2. Taking the needle
with points at both ends, slip next 6 sts. onto it letting this needle fall
to back of work. Knit next 6 sts. Bring the other 6 sts. forward and slip
them onto needle again. Knit these 6 sts. (The crossing of these 12 sts.
will be termed "Twist" throughout). P2. Repeat from * to last 16 sts. Work
16 sts. border pattern. Repeat 2nd row once, then 1st. and 2nd rows 3
times.

=15th row:= Work 16 sts. border pattern. P2. *Twist. P2. K12. P2. Repeat
from * to last 16 sts. Work 16 sts. border pattern. =16th row:= As 2nd
row.** Repeat from ** to ** 9 times, the first 7 rows of next pattern once,
the 2nd row once, 1st. and 2nd rows 3 times, then 1st. row once. =Next
row:= Work 16 sts. border pattern. K2. *(P2tog.) 6 times. K2. P12. K2.
Repeat from * to last 16 sts. Work 16 sts. border pattern. 144 sts. on
needle. Work 3-1/2 ins. border pattern. Cast off in pattern.


=(F) CROCHETED COVER=--_Illustrated on page 25_

  MATERIALS: =4 ply BEEHIVE FINGERING=. 13 ozs. One No. 0 Steel
  Crochet Hook (American Gauge). 2 yds. Ribbon, 3 ins. wide.

  MEASUREMENTS: 30 ins. × 36 ins.

  Tension: 3 groups and 3 rows = 1 inch.

Ch. 172 sts. =1st row:= W.o.h. Draw loop through 4th Ch. from hook. W.o.h.
Draw loop through same Ch. (5 loops on hook). W.o.h. Draw loop through all
5 sts. Ch. 1. *Miss 1. Ch. W.o.h. Draw loop through next Ch. W.o.h. Draw
loop through same Ch. W.o.h. Draw loop through all 5 sts. Ch. 1. Repeat
from * to end of row. Ch. 3. Turn. 85 groups in row. =2nd row:= W.o.h. Draw
loop through space between 1st. and 2nd groups. W.o.h. Draw loop through
same space. W.o.h. Draw loop through all 5 sts. Ch. 1. *W.o.h. Draw loop
through space between next 2 groups. W.o.h. Draw loop through same space.
W.o.h. Draw loop through all 5 sts. Ch. 1. Repeat from * to end of row,
working the last group between the Ch. 3. and 1st. group of previous row.
Ch. 3. Turn. Repeat 2nd row until work measures 35 ins. from beginning,
omitting turning Ch. in last row. Turn. Proceed:-

=1st round:= Ch. 5. 1. d.c. in 2nd group. *Ch. 2. 1. d.c. in next group.
Repeat from * to corner. Ch. 2. Work 1 more d.c. in corner st. Repeat from
* around cover working the d.c. in the ends of each row, a 2nd space in
each corner and joining to beginning of round with s.s.

=2nd round:= *Ch. 5. 1. s.c. in 4th Ch. from hook. 1. s.c. in next d.c.
Repeat from * around cover joining to beginning of round with s.s. Fasten
off.

TO MAKE UP: Press lightly. Make ribbon bow and sew to cover as
illustrated.


=(B) GIRL'S PANTIES=--_Illustrated on page 29_

  MATERIALS: =BEEHIVE LUSTRE CREPE=. 2 ozs. Seacrest. One Stitch
  Holder. Length of elastic.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:                         =1 yr.=   =1-1/2 yrs.=  =2 yrs.=
  Length from waist to crotch at front 7-1/2 ins.   8 ins.       9 ins.

FRONT: Cast on 34 sts. Knit 6 rows Garter st. Break wool and leave these
sts. on st. holder until the other leg band has been worked. Work 2nd leg
band to correspond but do not break wool. =Next row:= K34. Cast on 12 sts.
Knit the 34 sts. from st. holder onto same needle. 80 sts. on needle.
Proceed:-

=1st row:= K1. P48. Turn. =2nd row:= K18. Turn. =3rd row:= P21. Turn. =4th
row:= K24. Turn. Continue in this manner, that is working 3 sts. more in
every row until 4 sts. are left unworked at each end of needle. =Next row:=
P75. K1. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K34. K2tog. t.b.l. K8. K2tog. K34. =2nd row:= K1. Purl to last
st. K1. =3rd row:= Knit. =4th row:= As 2nd row. =5th row:= K34. K2tog.
t.b.l. K6. K2tog. K34. Work 3 rows even, also after 9th and 13th rows. =9th
row:= K34. K2tog. t.b.l. K4. K2tog. K34. =13th row:= K34. K2tog. t.b.l. K2.
K2tog. K34. =17th row:= K34. K2tog. t.b.l. K2tog. K34. 70 sts. on needle.
Continue even in Stocking st. until work from 12 cast-on sts. in centre of
work measures 5 ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--5 ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--5-1/2 ins._=)=
ending with purl row. Dec. 1. st. each end of needle on next and every
following 6th row to 64 sts. on needle. Work 5 rows even. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K2. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row. Repeat 1st. row 5
times. =7th row:= (eyelets). K2. *Wl. fwd. K2tog. P1. K1. Repeat from * to
last 2 sts. Wl. fwd. K2tog. Repeat 1st. row 4 times. Cast off in ribbing.

BACK: Work exactly as given for Front to 64 sts. on needle. Work 3 rows
even.

=To shape back:= =1st row:= K58. Turn. =2nd row:= P52. Turn. =3rd row:=
K46. Turn. =4th row:= P40. Turn. =5th row:= K34. Turn. =6th row:= P28.
Turn. =7th row:= K22. Turn. =8th row:= P16. Turn. =9th row:= Knit to end of
row. =10th row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. Work ribbing as given for Front.
Cast off in ribbing.

TO MAKE UP: Press carefully. Sew side and crotch seams. Thread elastic
through eyelets at waist.

       *       *       *       *       *

=(A) GIRL'S DRESS=--_Continued from page 28_

NECKBAND: Sew shoulder seams. With right side of work facing, pick up and
knit 18 sts. along back of neck, 11 sts. along left side, 19 sts. from st.
holder at front, 11 sts. along right side and 18 sts. along back. 77 sts.
on needle. Knit 3 rows Garter st. =4th row:= Knit to last 3 sts. Wl. fwd.
K2tog. K1. Cast off loosely.

SLEEVES: Cast on 36 sts. Knit 8 rows Garter st. =9th row:= K7. (Inc. 1. st.
in next st.) 8 times. (Inc. 2 sts. in next st.) 7 times. (Inc. 1. st. in
next st.) 7 times. K7. 65 sts. on needle. =10th row:= K1. Purl to last st.
K1. =11th row:= Knit. Repeat 10th and 11th rows once. Knit 3 rows Garter
st. Repeat pattern as given for Front, working from ** to 10th row once,
then from ** to 4th row once. Knit 2 rows Garter st.

=To shape cap:= =1st row:= Cast off 2 sts. Knit to end of row. Repeat 1st.
row twice. =4th row:= Cast off 2 sts. Purl to end of row. =5th row:= Cast
off 2 sts. Knit to end of row. Repeat 4th and 5th rows 6 times, then 4th
row once. =Next row:= K1. (K2tog.) 14 times. Cast off purl ways.

TO MAKE UP: Press all pieces carefully. Sew all seams. Sew in sleeves. Sew
the 5 cast-on sts. in position on wrong side of back. Sew buttons to
correspond to buttonholes. Thread ribbon through eyelets at waist.


=(A) GIRL'S PANTIES=--_Illustrated on page 29_

  MATERIALS: =3 ply BEEHIVE NON-SHRINK BABY WOOL=. 2 ozs. One
  Stitch Holder. Length of elastic.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:                          =1 yr.=   =1-1/2 yrs.=   =2 yrs.=
  Length from waist to crotch at front   7-1/2 ins.   8 ins.       9 ins.

FRONT: Cast on 65 sts. Knit 3 rows Garter st. Repeat from ** to 10th row as
given for Dress, (A), see page 28. =Next row:= *K1. K2tog. Repeat from * to
last 2 sts. K2. 44 sts. on needle. Knit 3 rows Garter st. Break wool and
leave these sts. on st. holder until other leg band has been worked. Work
2nd leg band to correspond but do not break wool. =Next row:= K44. Cast on
16 sts. Knit the 44 sts. from st. holder onto same needle. 104 sts. on
needle. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K1. P63. Turn. =2nd row:= K24. Turn. =3rd row:= P28. Turn. =4th
row:= K32. Turn. Continue in this manner, that is working 4 sts. more in
every row until 4 sts. are left unworked at each end of needle. =Next row:=
P99. K1. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K44. K2tog. t.b.l. K12. K2tog. K44. =2nd row:= K1. Purl to last
st. K1. =3rd row:= Knit. =4th row:= As 2nd row. =5th row:= K44. K2tog.
t.b.l. K10. K2tog. K44. Work 3 rows even, also after 9th, 13th, 17th and
21st rows. =9th row:= K44. K2tog. t.b.l. K8. K2tog. K44. =13th row:= K44.
K2tog. t.b.l. K6. K2tog. K44. =17th row:= K44. K2tog. t.b.l. K4. K2tog.
K44. =21st row:= K44. K2tog. t.b.l. K2. K2tog. K44. =25th row:= K44. K2tog.
t.b.l. K2tog. K44. 90 sts. on needle. Continue even in Stocking st. until
work from 16 cast-on sts. in centre of work measures 4-3/4 ins. =(=_1-1/2
yrs.--4-3/4 ins._=) (=_2 yrs.--5-1/4 ins._=)= ending with purl row. Dec. 1.
st. each end of needle on next and every following 8th row to 84 sts. on
needle. Work 7 rows even. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K2. *P1, K1. Repeat from * to end of row. Repeat 1st. row 7
times. =9th row:= (eyelets). K2. *Wl. fwd. K2tog. P1. K1. Repeat from * to
last 2 sts. Wl. fwd. K2tog. Repeat 1st. row 6 times. Cast off in ribbing.

BACK: Work exactly as given for Front to 84 sts. on needle. Work 5 rows
even.

=To shape back:= =1st row:= K78. Turn. =2nd row:= P72. Turn. =3rd row:=
K66. Turn. =4th row:= P60. Turn. =5th row:= K54. Turn. =6th row:= P48.
Turn. =7th row:= K42. Turn. =8th row:= P36. Turn. =9th row:= K30. Turn.
=10th row:= P24. Turn. =11th row:= Knit to end of row. =12th row:= K1. Purl
to last st. K1. Work ribbing as given for Front. Cast off in ribbing.

TO MAKE UP: Press carefully. Sew side and crotch seams. Thread elastic
through eyelets at waist.


=(G) GIRL'S OR BOY'S MITTS=--_Illustrated on page 8_

     MATERIALS: =4 ply MISS CANADA FINGERING=. 1 oz. Cascade No.
     301. One Medium Crochet Hook.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

Cast on 32 sts. =1st row:= K2. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row. Repeat
1st. row 17 times. =19th row:= (eyelets) *K2. Wl. fwd. K2tog. Repeat from *
to end of row. =20th row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. =21st row:= Knit.
Repeat last 2 rows 9 times. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K1. Purl to last 2 sts. K2tog. =2nd row:= *K3. K2tog. Repeat
from * to last st. K1. =3rd and alternate rows:= K1. Purl to last st. K1.
=4th row:= *K2. K2tog. Repeat from * to last st. K1. =6th row:= *K1. K2tog.
Repeat from * to last st. K1. =8th row:= *K2tog. Repeat from * to last st.
K1. Break wool and thread end through remaining sts. Draw up and fasten
securely. Sew up seam. With double wool crochet a cord. Thread through
eyelets. Make and sew a small pom-pom to each end. Make another mitt to
correspond.


=(B) GIRL'S DRESS=--_Illustrated on opposite page_

  MATERIALS: =BEEHIVE LUSTRE CREPE=. 6 ozs. Sea Crest. Three
  safety pins and One Stitch Holder. 5 Buttons. Small quantity of
  wool for embroidery.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:                     =1 yr.=    =1-1/2 yrs.=    =2 yrs.=
  Width all round at underarm       20    ins.   20-1/2 ins.   21 ins.
  Length from top of shoulder       14-1/2 "     15     "      16  "
  Length of sleeve underarm seam    3      "      3     "       3  "

FRONT: **Cast on 150 sts. Knit 9 rows Garter st. =Next row:= K1. Purl to
last st. K1. Continue even in Stocking st. until work from beginning
measures 8 ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--8-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--9 ins._=)=,
ending with purl row. =Next row:= *K2tog. K3tog. Repeat from * to end of
row. 60 sts. on needle. =Next row:= K2. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of
row. Repeat this row for 1 inch. With right side of work facing, K7. (Inc.
1. st. in next st. K14) 3 times. Inc. 1. st. in next st. K7. 64 sts. on
needle. =Next row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. Continue in Stocking st. inc.
1. st. each end of needle on 3rd and every following 4th row to 68 sts. on
needle. Continue even until work from beginning measures 10-1/2 ins.
=(=_1-1/2 yrs--11 ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--12 ins._=)=, ending with purl row.**

=To shape armholes:= Cast off 2 sts. beginning next 2 rows, then dec. 1.
st. each end of needle every alternate row to 60 sts. on needle ending with
purl row. Work 2 rows even.

=To shape yoke:= =1st row:= K1. *K2. P2. Repeat from * to last 3 sts. K3.
=2nd row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. Repeat 1st. and 2nd rows until armhole
measures 2-3/4 ins. from first shaping ending with purl row.

=To shape neck:= K3. (P2. K2) 4 times. P2. K1. Turn. Working on these 22
sts. continue in pattern, dec. 1. st. at neck edge every row to 18 sts. on
needle. Continue even in pattern until armhole measures 4 ins. from first
shaping.

=To shape shoulder:= Keeping continuity of pattern, at armhole edge cast
off 9 sts. every alternate row twice. Leave next 16 sts. on safely pin and
work remaining 22 sts. to correspond to other side.

BACK: Work from ** to ** as given for Front. 68 sts. on needle.

=To shape armholes and make back opening:= =1st row:= Cast off 2 sts. Knit
to end of row. =2nd row:= Cast off 2 sts. P30. Cast on 4 sts. Turn. Leave
remaining sts. on st. holder. Working on these 34 sts. continue in Stocking
st. dec. 1. st. at armhole edge every alternate row to 32 sts. on needle,
ending with purl row. Work 2 rows even.

=To shape yoke:= =1st row:= K3. (P2. K2) 7 times. K1. =2nd row:= K1. Purl
to last. st. K1. Repeat 1st. and 2nd rows until armhole measures 3-3/4 ins.
from first shaping ending with 1st. row.

=To shape neck:= K1. P18. Leave remaining 13 sts. on safety pin. =Next
row:= K2tog. (P2. K2) 4 times. K1. 18 sts. on needle. Shape shoulder as
given for Front.

Join wool at back opening and working on remaining 34 sts. proceed:- =1st
row:= K5. Purl to last st. K1. =2nd row:= K1. K2tog. Knit to end of row.
Repeat 1st. and 2nd rows once, then 1st. row once. =6th row:= (1st.
buttonhole). Knit to last 3 sts. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K1. =7th row:= As 1st.
row. =8th row:= Knit even. =9th row:= As 1st. row. =10th row:= K1. (K2. P2)
6 times. K7. =11th row:= K5. Purl to last st. K1. Continue in pattern to
correspond to other side, working 3 more buttonholes 10 rows apart in
Garter st. border, and shaping neck and shoulder to correspond.

NECKBAND: Sew shoulder seams. With right side of work facing, join wool and
knit across 13 sts. from safety pin at back of neck, pick up and knit 12
sts. along left side, knit across 16 sts. from safety pin at front, pick up
and knit 12 sts. along right side, knit 13 sts. from safety pin at back. 66
sts. on needle. Knit 3 rows Garter st. =Next row:= (5th buttonhole). Knit
to last 3 sts. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K1. Cast off loosely.

SLEEVES: Cast on 32 sts. Knit 8 rows Garter st. =Next row:= K2. *Inc. 1.
st. in next st. Repeat from * to last 2 sts. K2. 60 sts. on needle. =Next
row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. Continue even in Stocking st. until sleeve
measures 3 ins. from beginning ending with purl row. Cast off 2 sts.
beginning every row to 24 sts. on needle. =Next row:= (K2tog.) 12 times.
Cast off purl ways.

TO MAKE UP: Press all pieces carefully. Sew all seams. Sew in sleeves. Sew
the 4 cast-on sts. in position on wrong side of back. Sew buttons to
correspond to buttonholes. Embroider daisies in Lazy Daisy st. at base of
every alternate smooth stripe of yoke as illustrated on dress.


=(A) GIRL'S DRESS=--_Illustrated on opposite page_

  MATERIALS: =3 ply BEEHIVE NON-SHRINK BABY WOOL=. 4 ozs. Two
  Stitch Holders. 4 Buttons. 1-1/2 yds. Ribbon.

=For Needles and Tension, see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:                     =1 yr.=   =1-1/2 yrs.=  =2 yrs.=
  Width all round at underarm      20    ins.  20-1/2 ins.   21 ins.
  Length from top of shoulder      14-1/2 "    15      "     16  "
  Length of sleeve underarm seam    2-3/4 "     2-3/4  "      3  "

***FRONT: Cast on 177 sts. Knit 9 rows Garter st. Proceed:- =1st row:= K1.
*K4. K2tog. K1. Wl. fwd. Repeat from * to last st. K1. =2nd row:= K1. P2.
*P2tog. P3. w.r.n. P2. Repeat from * to last 6 sts. P2tog. P3. w.o.n. K1.
=3rd row:= K2. *Wl. fwd. K2. K2tog. K3. Repeat from * to end of row. =4th
row:= K1. P2. *P2tog. P1 w.r.n. P4. Repeat from * to last 6 sts. P2tog. P1
w.r.n. P2. K1. =5th row:= K4. K2tog. *Wl. fwd. K5. K2tog. Repeat from * to
last 3 sts. Wl. fwd. K3. =6th row:= K1. P2. w.r.n. P1 *P2tog. P4. w.r.n.
P1. Repeat from * to last 5 sts. P2tog. P2. K1. =7th row:= K2. *K2tog. K2.
Wl. fwd. K3. Repeat from * to end of row. =8th row:= K1. *P2. w.r.n. P3.
P2tog. Repeat from * to last st. K1. =9th row:= *K2tog. K4. Wl. fwd. K1.
Repeat from * to last 2 sts. K2. =10th row:= K1. P2. *P5. w.r.n. P2tog.
Repeat from * to last 6 sts. P5. K1. Repeat from 1st. to 4th row once. Knit
5 rows Garter st. =20th row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. =21st row:= Knit.
Repeat 20th and 21st rows 6 times. Knit 3 rows Garter St.** Repeat from **
to ** once, from ** to 21st row once, the 20th and 21st rows twice, then
the 20th row once. Work from beginning now measures 8 ins. =(=_1-1/2
yrs--8-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--9 ins._=)=. Proceed:-

=1st row:= *K2tog. K3tog. Repeat from * to last 2 sts. K2tog. Knit 3 rows
Garter st. =5th row:= (eyelets). *K2. K2tog. Wl. fwd. K1. Repeat from * to
last st. K1. Knit 3 rows Garter st. =9th row:= K7. *Inc. 1. st. in next st.
K7. Repeat from * to end of row. 79 sts. on needle. =10th row:= K1. Purl to
last st. K1. =11th row:= Knit. Repeat 10th and 11th rows twice. Knit 3 rows
Garter st. Repeat from ** to 10th row once, then from ** to 4th row
once.*** Knit 2 rows Garter st.

=To shape armholes:= =1st and 2nd rows:= Cast off 3 sts. Knit to end of
row. =3rd row:= K1. K2tog. Knit to last 3 sts. K2tog. K1. =4th row:= K1.
Purl to last st. K1. Repeat 3rd and 4th rows twice, then 3rd row once. Knit
3 rows Garter st. Repeat from ** to 10th row once, then from ** to 4th row
once. Knit 2 rows Garter st.

=To shape neck:= K20. K2tog. K1. Turn. Working on these 22 sts.
proceed:- =1st row:= Knit. =2nd row:= Knit to last 3 sts. K2tog. K1. =3rd
row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. Repeat 2nd and 3rd rows 3 times. Continue
even in Stocking st. until armhole measures 4 ins. from first shaping.

=To shape shoulder:= At armhole edge cast off 9 sts. every alternate row
twice.

Slip next. 19 sts. on st. holder. Join wool and work remaining 23 sts. to
correspond to other side.

BACK: Work from *** to *** as given for Front. 79 sts. on needle.
Proceed:-

=To make back opening:= K42. Turn. Leave remaining sts. on st. holder. Knit
to end of row.

=To shape armhole.= =1st row:= Cast off 3 sts. Knit to end of row. =2nd
row:= Knit. =3rd row:= K1. K2tog. Knit to end of row. =4th. row:= K6. Purl
to last st. K1. Repeat 3rd and 4th rows once. =7th row:= (1st buttonhole).
K1. K2tog. Knit to last 3 sts. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K1. =8th row:= As 4th row.
Knit 4 rows Garter st. Keeping a border of 6 sts. in Garter st. at back
opening, and working buttonholes 12 rows apart, work remaining sts. in
pattern as follows:- Repeat from ** as given for Front to 10th row once,
then from ** to 4th row once. Knit 4 rows Garter st. Still working
buttonholes in Garter st. border at back opening, continue even in Stocking
st. until armhole measures 3-1/4 ins. from first shaping ending at neck
edge.

=To shape neck:= At neck edge cast off 18 sts. Purl to last st. K1.
Continue even in Stocking st. until armhole measures 4 ins. from first
shaping. Shape shoulder as given for Front.

Cast on 5 sts. Knit remaining 37 sts. onto end of same needle. Continue to
correspond to other side being careful to have all shapings for opposite
side and omitting buttonholes.

    (_Continued on page 27_)




_Early Gossip_

     FROM PAGES 29 TO 47 GARMENTS CAN BE MADE FOR 1, 1-1/2 AND TWO
     YEARS

[Illustration:

    =(A) Panties=
    (_Above_)
    _See page 27._

=(A)=--_See page 28._

=(B)=--_See page 28._

=(B) Panties= (_Above_)--_See page 27._]

[Illustration: =Boy's Crocheted Romper= (_Above_) _See page 32._ =Boy's
Knitted Romper=--_See page 32._]




_A Romping_ _We Will Go_

[Illustration: =Girl's Romper= (_Above_)--_See page 33._ =Girl's
Dress=--_See page 33._]




=BOY'S CROCHETED ROMPER=--_Illustrated on page 30_

  MATERIALS: =3 ply BEEHIVE NON-SHRINK BABY WOOL=. 4 ozs. Peach.
  11 Buttons. One No. 1 Steel Crochet Hook. (American Gauge). One
  Dog Motif.

  MEASUREMENTS:                         =1 yr.=   =1-1/2 yrs.=   =2 yrs.=
  Width all round at underarm            20 ins.  20-1/2 ins.   21    ins.
  Length from top of shoulder to crotch  15 "     15-1/2  "     16-1/2 "
  Length of sleeve underarm seam          3 "      3      "      3     "

  Tension: (1. s.c. Ch. 1) 9 times = 2 ins.
            8 rows                 = 1 inch.

_The instructions are written for size 1 yr. Sizes 1-1/2 and 2 yrs. are
written in brackets thus:- =(    )=._

LOWER PART: (make 2). Beginning at crotch Ch. 27 sts. =1st row:= 1. s.c. in
3rd Ch. from hook. *Ch. 1. Miss 1. st. 1. s.c. in next st. Repeat from * to
end of row. Ch. 2. Turn. =2nd row:= 1. s.c. in 1st. space. *Ch. 1. Miss
next s.c. 1. s.c. in next space. Repeat from * to end of row, working last
s.c. in space made by turning Ch. of previous row. (The turning Ch. always
counts as 1 space). Ch. 2. Turn. Repeat 2nd row 4 times, turning last row
with Ch. 7. =7th row:= 1. s.c. in 3rd Ch. from hook. (Ch. 1. Miss 1. Ch. 1.
s.c. in next Ch.) twice. Ch. 1. Miss 1. s.c. 1. s.c. in next space. Work in
pattern to end of row, working 1. s.s. in last space. Ch. 7. Turn. Repeat
7th row 9 times, turning last row with Ch. 9. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--Ch. 13_=)=
=(=_2 yrs.--Ch. 17_=)= instead of Ch. 7. =15th row:= 1. s.c. in 3rd Ch.
from hook. (Ch. 1. Miss 1. Ch. 1. s.c. in next Ch.) 3 times. =(=_1-1/2
yrs.--5 times_=)= =(=_2 yrs.--7 times_=)=. Ch. 1. Miss 1. s.c. 1. s.c. in
next space. Work in pattern to end of row, working 1. s.s. in last space.
Ch. 9. Turn. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--Ch. 13_=)= =(=_2 yrs.--Ch. 17_=)=. Repeat 15th
row once, turning with Ch. 2. Work 1-1/2 ins. even. =Next row:= Insert hook
in 1st. space, draw up loop. Insert hook in 2nd space, draw up loop. W.o.h.
Draw loop through all 3 loops on hook (this decreases 1 space). Work in
pattern to last 2 spaces. Work a decrease. Ch. 2. Turn. Continue in pattern
decreasing 1 space each end of work every 1-1/2 ins. 3 times. Continue even
in pattern until work from crotch measures 8 ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--8-1/2
ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--9 ins._=)=. Fasten off.

WAISTBAND: (all in 1 piece). Ch. 13 sts. =1st row:= 1. s.c. in 2nd Ch. from
hook. 1. s.c. in each st. to end of Ch. Ch. 2. Turn. =2nd row:= 1. s.c. in
each s.c., working into back of sts. only. Ch. 1. Turn. Repeat 2nd row for
19 ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--19-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--20 ins._=)=. Fasten
off.

TOP--BACK: Ch. 89 sts. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--93 sts._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--95 sts._=)=.
Work 1-1/2 ins. even in pattern.

=To shape armholes:= =1st and 2nd rows:= Work in pattern to last 3 spaces.
Ch. 2. Turn. =3rd row:= Work in pattern, decreasing 1 space each end of
row. Repeat 3rd row twice. Continue even in pattern until armhole measures
3-1/4 ins. from first shaping.

=To shape neck:= =1st row:= Work in pattern over 10 spaces. Ch. 2. Turn.
=2nd row:= Dec. 1. space at neck edge. Work in pattern to end of row. Ch.
2. Turn. Work 4 rows even in pattern. Fasten off.

Join wool 10 spaces in from armhole edge and work other shoulder to
correspond.

FRONT: Work exactly as given for Back until armhole measures 2-3/4 ins.
from first shaping.

=To shape neck:= Work in pattern over 13 spaces. Ch. 2. Turn. Continue in
pattern dec. 1. space at neck edge on next then every following row 3
times. Continue even until armhole measures 4 ins. from first shaping.
Fasten off.

Join wool 13 spaces in from armhole edge and work other shoulder to
correspond.

NECKBAND: Ch. 7 sts. Work in s.c. as given for waistband for length
sufficient to go along back of neck. Make another piece to go along front
of neck.

LEG BANDS: Ch. 7 sts. Work in s.c. as given for waistband for length
sufficient to go along each leg opening.

SLEEVES: Ch. 7 sts. Work 5 ins. in s.c. as given for waistband. Do not
break wool. Ch. 2. Working along edge of band work 30 spaces. Ch. 2. Turn.
Continue even in pattern until sleeve measures 3 ins. from beginning. =Next
row:= Work in pattern, dec. 1. space each end of work. =Next row:= Work
even in pattern. Repeat last 2 rows 9 times. Fasten off.

TO MAKE UP: Press all pieces except ribbed bands. Sew side seams of both
lower part and top. Sew waistband around the centre, easing in extra
fullness. Sew sleeve seams. Sew in sleeves. Sew neckband around each side
of neck. Sew leg bands around leg openings. Work 3 button loops along front
of each shoulder and 5 loops along front of crotch. Sew buttons to
correspond to button loops. Sew motif in position as illustrated.


=BOY'S KNITTED ROMPER=--_Illustrated on page 30_

  MATERIALS: =3 ply BEEHIVE NON-SHRINK BABY WOOL=. 2 ozs. White
  (W). 1 oz. Blue (B). One Medium Crochet Hook. Two Stitch
  Holders. 9 Buttons.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:                         =1 yr.=  =1-1/2 yrs.=  =2 yrs.=
  Width all round at underarm           20 ins.   20-1/2 ins.  21    ins.
  Length from top of shoulder to crotch 15  "     15-1/2  "    16-1/2 "
  Length of sleeve underarm seam         3  "      3      "     3     "

Beginning at neck with (W) wool cast on 80 sts. =1st row:= Inc. 1. st. in
1st. st. K1. Inc. 1. st. in next st. (Seam sts.). K16. (Left Sleeve). Inc.
1. st. in next st. K1. Inc. 1. st. in next st. (Seam sts.). K36. (Back).
Inc. 1. st. in next st. K1. Inc. 1. st. in next st. (Seam sts.). K16.
(Right Sleeve). Inc. 1. st. in next st. K1. Inc. 1. st. in next st. (Seam
sts.). 88 sts. on needle. =2nd row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. =3rd row:=
K1. (Left Front). Inc. 1. st. in next st. K1. Inc. 1. st. in next st.
(Seam). K18. (Left Sleeve). Inc. 1. st. in next st. K1. Inc. 1. st. in next
st. (Seam). K38. (Back). Inc. 1. st. in next st. K1. Inc. 1. st. in next
st. (Seam). K18. (Right Sleeve). Inc. 1. st. in next st. K1. Inc. 1. st. in
next st. (Seam). K1. (Right Front). 96 sts. on needle. =4th row:= As 2nd
row. Continue increasing in this manner, that is, having 1. st. extra every
knit row on each Front, and 2 sts. extra every knit row on each Sleeve and
the Back, until there are 272 sts. on needle ending with purl row.

LEFT FRONT: K26. Turn. Leave remaining sts. on st. holder. Work 9 rows
Stocking st. Break wool. Leave these sts. on st. holder. With (B) pick up
and knit 40 sts. along edge of Left Front. Proceed:- Knit 3 rows (B), 6
(W), 8 (B), 8 (W), 5 (B). Cast off.

LEFT SLEEVE: With (W), K66 sts. from st. holder. Work 2-1/4 ins. even in
Stocking st. decreasing to 60 sts. in last row. Break wool. Join (B). With
right side of work facing knit 1 row. Work 3/4 inch ribbing (K2. P2). Cast
off in ribbing.

BACK: With (W) K88 sts. from st. holder. Work 9 rows Stocking st. With
right side of work facing proceed:-

Join (B). Knit 1 row. ***Work 3 rows ribbing (K2. P2). With (W), knit 1
row. Rib 3 rows. With (B), knit 1 row. Rib 5 rows. With (W), knit 1 row.
Rib 3 rows. With (B), knit 1 row. Rib 3 rows. Break (B). With (W) work 1
inch Stocking st. Continue in Stocking st. inc. 1. st. each end of needle
next and every following 12th row to 100 sts. on needle. Continue even
until work from bottom of ribbing measures 6 ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--6-1/4
ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--6-1/2 ins._=)= ending with purl row. Proceed:-

=To shape leg openings:= Cast off 4 sts. beginning every row to 60 sts. on
needle, then 3 sts. beginning every row to 36 sts. on needle then 2 sts.
beginning every row to 28 sts. on needle. Work 10 rows even. Cast off.

=To make leg bands:= With right side of work facing and (B) wool pick up
and knit 48 sts. along edge of leg opening. Work 1/2 inch ribbing (K2. P2).
Cast off in ribbing. Work other leg-band to correspond.***

RIGHT SLEEVE: Work exactly as given for Left Sleeve.

RIGHT FRONT: Work exactly as given for Left Front. Proceed:- With right
side of work facing and (B) wool, K26 sts. of Right Front, pick up and knit
18 sts. along remainder of Front. Pick up and knit 18 sts. along
corresponding part of Left Front. K26 sts. of Left Front. 88 sts. on
needle. Repeat from *** to *** as given for Back.

NECKBAND: With right side of work facing and (B) wool pick up and knit 96
sts. around neck edge. Work 1/2 inch ribbing (K2. P2). Cast off in ribbing.

TO MAKE UP: Press carefully. Sew side seams. Sew centre front opening to
within 3 ins. of top. With (B) wool work 1 row s.c. around opening, working
4 loops for buttonholes on left front. With (W) wool work 1 row s.c. along
front edge of crotch, working 5 loops for buttonholes. Work 1 row d.c.
along back edge of crotch. Sew buttons to correspond to buttonholes. Sew in
sleeves.


=GIRL'S DRESS=--_Illustrated on page 31_

  MATERIALS: =3 ply BEEHIVE NON-SHRINK BABY WOOL=. 4 ozs. White
  (W). Small quantity Pink (P). (approx. 1/2 oz.). 4 or 8 small
  Buttons.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:                  =1 yr.=     =1-1/2 yrs.=   =2 yrs.=
  Width all round at underarm    20    ins.  20-1/2 ins.    21    ins.
  Length from top of shoulder    14-1/2 "    15      "      16     "
  Length of sleeve underarm seam  2-1/2 "     2-1/2  "       2-3/4 "

FRONT: With (P) cast on 156 sts. Knit 7 rows Garter st. Break wool. Join
(W) and work 14 rows even in Stocking st. ending with purl row. **With (P)
knit 4 rows Garter st. =5th row:= With (W) Knit. =6th row:= K1. Purl to
last st. K1. =7th row:= *K11. Wl. fwd. K2tog. Repeat from * to end of row.
Work 3 rows Stocking st. =11th row:= *K5. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K6. Repeat from *
to end of row. Work 3 rows Stocking st. With (P) knit 2 rows Garter st.**
With (W) continue even in Stocking st. until work from beginning measures
10 ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--10-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--11-1/2 ins._=)= ending
with knit row. =Next row:= K1. (P1. P2tog.) 19 times. (P2tog.) 20 times.
(P1. P2tog.) 19 times. K1. 98 sts. on needle.

=***To make Yoke:= K1. P1. (K1. P2) 15 times. K2. Cast on 4 sts. Turn.
Working on these 53 sts. proceed for Left shoulder:-

=1st row:= K5. (P1. K2) 16 times. =2nd row:= K1. P1. (K1. P2) 15 times. K6.
Repeat 1st. and 2nd rows twice, then 1st. row once.

=To shape armhole:= Keeping Garter st. border at Front edge, and keeping
continuity of ribbing, at armhole edge cast off 5 sts. once, then dec. 1.
st. every row 7 times. 41 sts. on needle. Continue even in pattern until
Yoke measures 4 ins. ending at neck edge.

=To shape neck:= Cast off 14 sts. once, then dec. 1. st. every row to 21
sts. on needle.

=To shape shoulder:= At armhole edge cast off 7 sts. every alternate row 3
times.

Join (W) at centre opening and working on remaining 49 sts. for Right
shoulder proceed:-

=1st row:= K4. (K1. P2) 14 times. K1. P1. K1. =2nd row:= (K2. P1) 15 times.
K4. Repeat 1st. and 2nd rows twice. =7th row:= (buttonhole) K2. Wl. fwd.
K2tog. (K1. P2) 14 times. K1. P1. K1. Working 3 more buttonholes in this
manner approx. 1-1/4 ins. apart, shape armhole and continue to correspond
to Left Front, casting off 10 sts. at neck instead of 14 sts.***

BACK: Work exactly as given for Front to 98 sts. on needle. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K1. P1. K1. *P2. K1. Repeat from * to last 2 sts. P1. K1. =2nd
row:= *K2. P1. Repeat from * to last 2 sts. K2. Repeat these 2 rows twice,
1st. row once.

=To shape armholes:= Cast off 5 sts. beginning next 2 rows, then dec. 1.
st. each end of needle every row 7 times. 74 sts. on needle. Continue even
in ribbing until armhole from first shaping measures 3-3/4 ins.

=To shape neck and shoulders:= Rib 25 sts. Cast off 24 sts. Rib 25 sts.
Working on last 25 sts. at armhole edge cast off 7 sts. every alternate row
3 times, at same time dec. 1. st. at neck edge every row 4 times. Join wool
and work other shoulder to correspond.

SLEEVES: With (P) cast on 60 sts. Work 1/2 inch ribbing (K1. P1). =Next
row:= *K1 Inc. 1. st. in next st. Repeat from * to last 2 sts. Inc. 1. st.
in each of next 2 sts. 91 sts. on needle. Change to (W) and work 1/2 inch
Stocking st. ending with purl row. Repeat from ** to ** once as given for
Front. With (W), working in Stocking st. cast off 2 sts. beginning every
row to 31 sts. Cast off.

COLLAR: With (P) cast on 123 sts. Work 2 rows Garter st. =3rd row:= Cast
off 14 sts. K95. Cast off 14 sts. =4th row:= With (W) Knit. =5th row:= K1.
Purl to last st. K1. Repeat 4th and 5th rows once. =8th row:= K1. *Wl. fwd.
K2tog. K11. Repeat from * to last 3 sts. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K1. =9th and 11th
rows:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. =10th row:= K1. *K5. K3tog. K5. Repeat from
* to last 3 sts. K3. =12th row:= K1. *K6. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K3. Repeat from *
to last 3 sts. K3. Work 6 rows Stocking st. =Next row:= K1. P7. P2tog. *P8.
P2tog. Repeat from * to last st. K1. Cast off.

TO MAKE UP: Press carefully. With (P) work 3 rows Smocking around lower
edge of yoke, by drawing the single knit sts. together every 4th row. With
(P) buttonhole around the eyelets in border at hem, sleeves and collar. Sew
all seams. Sew in sleeves. Sew the 4 cast-on sts. in position at front. Sew
the cast-off sts. along each side of collar to form a border. Sew collar to
neck. Sew buttons on flap to correspond to buttonholes. Sew 2nd row of
buttons if desired as illustrated on Romper.


=GIRL'S ROMPER=--_Illustrated on page 31_

     MATERIALS: =3 ply BEEHIVE NON-SHRINK BABY WOOL=. 3 ozs. White
     (W). Small quantity Pink (P). (approx. 1/2 oz.). 8 small
     Buttons. 5 medium Buttons.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

MEASUREMENTS as given for Girl's Dress, opposite.

FRONT: With (W) cast on 26 sts. Knit 2 rows Garter st. =3rd row:= (3
buttonholes) K2. Cast off 2 sts. (K8. Cast off 2 sts.) twice. K2. =4th
row:= K2. Cast on 2 sts. (K8. Cast on 2 sts.) twice. K2. Knit 2 rows Garter
st. Continue in Stocking st. casting on 6 sts. beginning every row to 122
sts. on needle. Continue even until work from beginning measures 10 ins.
=(=_1-1/2 yrs.--10-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--11-1/2 ins._=)= ending with
knit row. =Next row:= K1. P2. P2tog. *P3. P2tog. Repeat from * to last 2
sts. P1. K1. 98 sts. on needle. Work from *** to *** as given for Front of
Girl's Dress, opposite.

BACK: With (W) cast on 26 sts. Work 2 rows Garter st. Continue in stocking
st. casting on 6 sts. beginning every row to 122 sts. on needle. Continue
even until work from beginning measures 10 ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--10-1/2
ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--11-1/2 ins._=)= ending with knit row. =Next row:= K1.
P2. P2tog. *P3. P2tog. Repeat from * to last 2 sts. P1. K1. 98 sts. on
needle. Work from [symbol] to [symbol] as given for Back of Girl's Dress,
opposite.

SLEEVES AND COLLAR: Work exactly as given for Girl's Dress, opposite.

TO MAKE UP: Press carefully. Make up top of romper as given for Girl's
Dress, opposite. With right side of work facing, pick up and knit 98 sts.
around each leg opening. Work 3/4 inch ribbing (K1. P1.). Cast off in
ribbing. Sew medium buttons to correspond to buttonholes at crotch opening,
and one either side on leg bands, making a small loop to fasten.


=(G) BOY'S KNICKERS=--_Illustrated on page 35_

  MATERIALS: =4 ply BEEHIVE FINGERING=. 2 ozs. (or =MISS CANADA
  CROCHET-KNITTING WOOL=. 2 ozs.). Length of elastic.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:          =1 yr.=   =1-1/2 yrs.=  =2 yrs.=
  Length of front seam  7-1/2 ins.    8 ins.      9 ins.
  Length of leg seam    3      "      3  "        3  "

RIGHT LEG: Cast on 66 sts. =1st row:= K2. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of
row. Repeat 1st. row 3 times. =5th row:= (eyelets) K2. *Wl. fwd. K2tog. P1.
K1. Repeat from * to end of row. Work 7 rows ribbing. Proceed:-

=To shape back:= =1st row:= K8. Turn. =2nd and alternate rows:= Purl to
last st. K1. =3rd row:= K16. Turn. =5th row:= K24. Turn. =7th row:= K32.
Turn. =9th row:= K40. Turn. =11th row:= K48. Turn. =13th row:= K56. Turn.
Work 12 rows Stocking st. Continue in Stocking st. inc. 1. st. at long side
of work in next and every following 4th row, at same time inc. 1. st. at
short side of work in next and every following 6th row to 83 sts. Still
increasing at long side of work in every 4th row, inc. 1. st. at short side
of work every alternate row to 87 sts. Dec. 1. st. each end of needle every
alternate row to 69 sts. =Next row:= K1. Purl to last 3 sts. P2tog. K1.
Work 6 rows ribbing (K1. P1). Cast off.

LEFT LEG: Work as given for Right Leg, having back shaping on purl rows
instead of knit rows and all increasings at end of rows instead of
beginning.

TO MAKE UP: Press carefully. Sew all seams. Thread elastic through eyelets
at waist.


=BOY'S KNICKERS=--_Not illustrated_

     _To wear with (L) and (H) illustrated on page 35_

     MATERIALS: =BEEHIVE LUSTRE CREPE=. 3 ozs. Length of elastic.

    1 year--Two No. 11 Needles.       Tension: 7-1/2 sts. = 1 inch.
    1-1/2 years--Two No. 10 Needles. Tension: 7 sts. = 1 inch.
    2 years--Two No. 9 Needles.       Tension: 6-1/2 sts. = 1 inch.

Work as given for Boy's Knickers, see above.




_Out and About!_

[Illustration: =(A) Dress and Bonnet=--_See page 36._ =(AA) Matching
Coat= --_See page 37._ =(B) Coat=--_See page 37._ =(C) Cardigan=--_See
page 38._ =(D) Dress=--_See page 38._ =(E) Coat=--_See page 40._]




[Illustration: =(F) Suit=--_See page 44._ =(G) Knickers=--_See page
33._ =(H) Pullover=--_See page 43._ =(I) Pullover=--_See page 41._
=(J) Pullover=--_See page 43._ =(K) Pullover=--_See page 45._ =(L)
Pullover=--_See page 43._ _For Knickers to wear with (L) and (H)_
--_See page 33._ _Any of these pullovers may be made for girls by
changing side for neck fastening when necessary._]


(=A=) =GIRL'S DRESS=--_Illustrated on page 34_

  MATERIALS: =BEEHIVE LUSTRE CREPE=. 5 ozs. Cherry Bloom. 3
  Buttons.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:                    =1 yr.=     =1-1/2 yrs.=   =2 yrs.=
  Width all round at underarm     20     ins.  20-1/2 ins.    21     ins.
  Length from top of shoulder     14-1/2  "    15      "      16      "
  Length of sleeve underarm seam   2-1/2  "     2-1/2  "       2-1/2  "

PATTERN: =1st row:= K2. *Wl. fwd. K3. K3tog. K3. Wl. fwd. K1. Wl. fwd.
K2tog. Repeat from * to last st. K1. =2nd and alternate rows:= K1. Purl to
last st. K1. =3rd row:= K2. *K1. Wl. fwd. K2. K3tog. K2. Wl. fwd. K2. Wl.
fwd. K2tog. Repeat from * to last st. K1. =5th row:= K2. *K2. Wl. fwd. K1.
K3tog. K1. Wl. fwd. K3. Wl. fwd. K2tog. Repeat from * to last st. K1. =7th
row:= K2. *K3. Wl. fwd. K3tog. Wl. fwd. K4. Wl. fwd. K2tog. Repeat from *
to last st. K1. =8th row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. These 8 rows complete
one pattern.

FRONT: Cast on 135 sts. =1st row:= K1. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of
row. Repeat 1st. row 7 times. Work 10 complete patterns. =Next row:=
*K2tog. Repeat from * to last 3 sts. K3tog. 67 sts. on needle.
Proceed:- =1st row:= K1. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row. Repeat 1st.
row 4 times. =6th row:= K1. *K6. Inc. 1. st. in next st. K6. Repeat from *
to last st. K1. 72 sts. on needle. Continue even in Stocking st. until work
from beginning measures 10-1/2 ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--11 ins._=)= =(=_2
yrs.--12 ins._=)= ending with purl row.

=To shape armholes:= Cast off 4 sts. beginning next 2 rows, then dec. 1.
st. each end of needle every alternate row 4 times. Continue even until
armhole measures 2-1/4 ins. from first shaping ending with purl row.

=To shape neck:= =1st row:= K9. *K2tog. Wl. fwd. Repeat from * to last 11
sts. K2tog. K9. =2nd row:= K1. P10. *K1. P1. Repeat from * to last 12 sts.
K1. P10. K1. =3rd row:= K9. K2tog. Wl. fwd. *K1. P1. Repeat from * to last
12 sts. K1. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K9. Repeat 2nd and 3rd rows once, then 2nd row
once. =7th row:= K9. K2tog. Wl. fwd. (K1. P1) twice. K1. Cast off 23 sts.
in Moss st. (K1. P1) twice. K1. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K9. Working on last 16 sts.
for shoulder proceed:- =1st row:= K1. P10. (K1. P1) twice. K1. =2nd row:=
K1. (P1. K1) twice. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K9. Repeat these 2 rows until armhole
measures 4 ins. from first shaping ending with 2nd row.

=To shape shoulder:= Cast off 8 sts. K1. P2. (K1. P1) twice. K1. =Next
row:= K1. (P1. K1) twice. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K1. Cast off. Join wool at neck
edge and working on remaining 16 sts. proceed:- =1st row:= K1. (P1. K1)
twice. Purl to last st. K1. =2nd row:= K9. K2tog. Wl. fwd. (K1. P1) twice.
K1. Repeat these 2 rows until armhole measures 4 ins. from first shaping
ending with 1st. row.

=To shape shoulder:= Cast off 8 sts. K1. K2tog. Wl. fwd. (K1. P1) twice.
K1. =Next row:= K1. (P1. K1) twice. P2. K1. Cast off.

BACK: Work exactly as given for Front to 72 sts. on needle. Continue even
in Stocking st. until work from beginning measures 10-1/2 ins. =(=_1-1/2
yrs.--11 ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--12 ins._=)= ending with purl row.

=To make Back Opening and shape armhole:= =1st row:= K39. Turn. Leave
remaining sts. on spare needle. =2nd and alternate rows:= (K1. P1) twice.
K1. Purl to last st. K1. =3rd row:= Cast off 4 sts. Knit to last 5 sts. K1.
(P1. K1) twice. Keeping border of 5 Moss sts. at neck edge, dec. 1. st. at
armhole edge every alternate row 4 times, at same time when neck opening
measures 1-1/4 ins. ending at armhole edge, make 1st. buttonhole as
follows:- Knit to last 5 sts. K1. P1. w.r.n. P2tog. K1. Working a 2nd
buttonhole 1-1/4 ins. above 1st. continue even until armhole measures 3-1/2
ins. from first shaping ending at armhole edge. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K10. *K2tog. Wl. fwd. Repeat from * to last 5 sts. K1. (P1. K1)
twice. =2nd row:= *K1. P1. Repeat from * to last 11 sts. K1. P9. K1. =3rd
row:= (3rd buttonhole). K10. K2tog. Wl. fwd. *K1. P1. Repeat from * to last
5 sts. K1. P1. w.r.n. P2tog. K1. =4th row:= As 2nd row.

=To shape shoulder:= Cast off 8 sts. K2. K2tog. Wl. fwd. *K1. P1. Repeat
from * to last st. K1. =2nd row:= *K1. P1. Repeat from * to last st. K1.
Cast off.

=(A) GIRL'S DRESS (Continued)=

Cast on 6 sts. Knit across 33 sts. from spare needle. 39 sts. on needle.
=1st row:= K1. Purl to last 5 sts. (K1. P1) twice. K1. =2nd row:= (K1. P1)
twice. K1. Knit to end of row. Keeping Moss st. border at neck edge, at
armhole edge cast off 4 sts. once. Dec. 1. st. every alternate row 4 times.
Continue even until armhole measures 3-1/2 ins. from first shaping ending
at neck edge. Proceed:- =1st row:= (K1. P1) twice. K1. *Wl. fwd. K2tog.
Repeat from * to last 10 sts. K10. =2nd row:= K1. P9. *K1. P1. Repeat from
* to last st. K1. =3rd row:= K1. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to last 12 sts. Wl.
fwd. K2tog. K10. Shape shoulder to correspond to other side.

SLEEVES: Cast on 37 sts. =1st row:= K1. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of
row. Repeat 1st. row 7 times. =9th row:= K1. *K2tog. Wl. fwd. Repeat from *
to last 2 sts. K2. =10th row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. =11th row:= K1.
*Inc. 1. st. in next st. K1. Repeat from * to end of row. 55 sts. on
needle. Continue even in Stocking st. until sleeve measures 2-1/2 ins. from
beginning. Cast off 2 sts. beginning every row to 15 sts. on needle. Cast
off.

TO MAKE UP: Press carefully. Sew all seams. Sew in sleeves. Sew buttons to
correspond to buttonholes.


(=A=) =GIRL'S POKE BONNET=--_Illustrated on page 34_

  MATERIALS: =BEEHIVE LUSTRE CREPE=. 2 ozs. Cherry Bloom. One
  Medium Crochet Hook. 3 yds. Ribbon. 3/4 yd. Millinery Wire.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:              =1 yr.=  =1-1/2 yrs.=   =2 yrs.=
  Width all round at face    13 ins.   13-1/2 ins.    14 ins.

CROWN: Cast on 83 sts. =1st row:= K1. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row.
Repeat 1st. row 9 times. =11th row:= (wrong side of work facing). Knit.
=12th row:= K1. *(P1. K1) twice. Inc. 2 sts. in next st. (K1. P1) 3 times.
K1. Repeat from * 5 times. (P1. K1) twice. Inc. 2. sts. in next st. (K1.
P1) twice. K1. 97 sts. on needle. Continue even in Moss st. until work
measures 5 ins. from beginning. With right side of work facing proceed:-

=1st decreasing row:= K1. *P3tog. (K1. P1) 4 times. K3tog. (P1. K1) 5
times. Repeat from * to end of row. Work 3 rows even in Moss st. also after
each of the following decreasing rows. =2nd decreasing row:= K1. *P3tog.
(K1. P1) 3 times. K3tog. (P1. K1) 4 times. Repeat from * to end of row.
=3rd decreasing row:= K1. *P3tog. (K1. P1) twice. K3tog. (P1. K1) 3 times.
Repeat from * to end of row. =4th decreasing row:= K1. *P3tog. K1. P1.
K3tog. (P1. K1) twice. Repeat from * to end of row. =5th decreasing row:=
K1. *P3tog. K3tog. P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row. Break wool. Thread
end through remaining sts. Draw up and fasten securely.

BRIM: With right side of work and front edge of crown facing pick up and
knit 1. st. in each st. of the knit row 11 rows from front edge of crown.
83 sts. on needle. =Next row:= (K1. P1) twice. P7. *Inc. 1. st. in next st.
purl ways. P5. Repeat from * to last 6 sts. P2. (P1. K1) twice. 94 sts. on
needle. Proceed:-

=1st row:= (K1. P1) twice, w.o.n. K2tog. *Wl. fwd. K3. K3tog. K3. Wl. fwd.
K1. Wl. fwd. K2tog. Repeat from * to last 4 sts. (P1. K1) twice. =2nd and
alternate rows:= (K1. P1) twice. Purl to last 4 sts. (P1. K1) twice. =3rd
row:= (K1. P1) twice. w.o.n. K2tog. *K1. Wl. fwd. K2. K3tog. K2. Wl. fwd.
K2. Wl. fwd. K2tog. Repeat from * to last 4 sts. (P1. K1) twice. =5th row:=
(K1. P1) twice. w.o.n. K2tog. *K2. Wl. fwd. K1. K3tog. K1. Wl. fwd. K3. Wl.
fwd. K2tog. Repeat from * to last 4 sts. (P1. K1) twice. =7th row:= (K1.
P1) twice. w.o.n. K2tog. *K3. Wl. fwd. K3tog. Wl. fwd. K4. Wl. fwd. K2tog.
Repeat from * to last 4 sts. (P1. K1) twice. =8th row:= As 2nd row. =9th
row:= *K1. P1. Repeat from * to last 6 sts. K1. Inc. 1. st. in next st.
(P1. K1) twice. Work 5 rows Moss st. Cast off in Moss st.

TO MAKE UP: Press carefully. Sew seam of crown to within 3-1/2 ins. of
Front edge. Placing the millinery wire along the edge of the brim, work 1
row s.c. along edge, working into each st. twice and catching the wire in
with each st. Turn wire back about 1 inch at each end and oversew along
edge of brim. Work 1 row s.c. along front edge and neck edge of crown. Sew
edge of brim along side of crown at each side. Make ribbon rosettes and sew
to each side as illustrated.


=(AA) GIRL'S COAT=--_Illustrated on page 34_

  MATERIALS: =BEEHIVE LUSTRE CREPE=. 6 ozs. Cherry Bloom. 3
  Buttons.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:                   =1 yr.=     =1-1/2 yrs.=   =2 yrs.=
  Width all round at underarm     21    ins.   21-1/2 ins.    22 ins.
  Length from top of shoulder     14-1/2 "     15      "      16 "
  Length of sleeve underarm seam   7-1/2 "      8-1/2  "       9 "

_If Leggings are required for this coat you will require 4 ozs. BEEHIVE
LUSTRE CREPE. Use No. 11 needles for 1 yr. size, No. 10 needles for 1-1/2
yr. size and No. 9 needles for 2 yr. size. Follow the instructions as given
for the leggings of the Overall Suit, see pages 42 and 43._

=The Coat is worked in one piece to the armhole.=

Cast on 255 sts. =1st row:= K1. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row.
Repeat 1st. row 6 times. =8th row:= K1. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to last 8
sts. P2tog. (P1. K1) 3 times. Proceed:-

**=1st row:= (K1. P1) 3 times. w.o.n. K2tog. *Wl. fwd. K3. K3tog. K3. Wl.
fwd. K1. Wl. fwd. K2tog. Repeat from * to last 6 sts. (P1. K1) 3 times.
=2nd and alternate rows:= (K1. P1) 3 times. Purl to last 6 sts. (P1. K1) 3
times. =3rd row:= (K1. P1) 3 times. w.o.n. K2tog. *K1. Wl. fwd. K2. K3tog.
K2. Wl. fwd. K2. Wl. fwd. K2tog. Repeat from * to last 6 sts. (P1. K1) 3
times. =5th row:= (K1. P1) 3 times. w.o.n. K2tog. *K2. Wl. fwd. K1. K3tog.
K1. Wl. fwd. K3. Wl. fwd. K2tog. Repeat from * to last 6 sts. (P1. K1) 3
times. =7th row:= (K1. P1) 3 times. w.o.n. K2tog. *K3. Wl. fwd. K3tog. Wl.
fwd. K4. Wl. fwd. K2tog. Repeat from * to last 6 sts. (P1. K1) 3 times.
=8th row:= (K1. P1) 3 times. Purl to last 6 sts. (P1. K1) 3 times.** Repeat
from ** to ** 9 times. =Next row:= (K1. P1) 3 times. w.o.n. (K2tog.) 30
times. Turn. 37 sts. on needle for Right Front. Leave remaining sts. on
spare needle.

RIGHT FRONT: =1st row:= *K1. P1. Repeat from * to last 7 sts. P1. (P1. K1)
3 times. =2nd row:= (K1. P1) 3 times. w.o.n. K2tog. *K1. P1. Repeat from *
to last st. K1. =3rd row:= *K1. P1. Repeat from * to last 7 sts. P1. (P1.
K1) 3 times. =4th row:= (1st. buttonhole). K1. P1. K1. Wl. fwd. K2tog. P1.
w.o.n. K2tog. *K1. P1. Repeat from * to last st. K1. Repeat 1st. row once.
=6th row:= (K1. P1) 3 times. w.o.n. K2tog. *K5. Inc. 1. st. in next st.
Repeat from * 3 times. Knit to end of row. 41 sts. on needle. Keeping Front
border and eyelet edge, and remainder of work in Stocking st. continue even
until work from beginning measures 10-1/2 ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--11 ins._=)=
=(=_2 yrs.--12 ins._=)= ending at armhole edge.

=To shape armhole:= Still keeping Front border and working 2nd buttonhole
2-1/2 ins. above 1st. at armhole edge cast off 4 sts. once, then dec. 1.
st. every alternate row to 33 sts. on needle. Continue even until armhole
measures 3-1/4 ins. from first shaping ending at Front edge. =Next row:=
(3rd buttonhole). K1. P1. K1. Wl. fwd. K2tog. P1. w.o.n. K2tog. Knit to end
of row. =Next row:= K1. Purl to last 6 sts. (P1. K1) 3 times.

=To shape neck:= At neck edge cast off 14 sts. Knit to end of row. Continue
dec. 1. st. at neck edge every row to 16 sts. on needle. Continue even
until armhole measures 4 ins. from first shaping.

=To shape shoulder:= At armhole edge cast off 8 sts. every alternate row
twice.

BACK: Join wool and work across 123 sts. from spare needle, as
follows:- K5. (K2tog.) 27 times. K5. (K2tog.) 27 times. K5. Turn. 69 sts.
on needle. Leave remaining sts. on spare needle. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K1 *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row. Repeat 1st. row 4
times. =6th row:= *K7. Inc. 1. st. in next st. Repeat from * 7 times. Knit
to end of row. 77 sts. on needle. Continue even in Stocking st. until work
from beginning measures 10-1/2 ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--11 ins._=)= =(=_2
yrs.--12 ins._=)= ending with purl row.

=To shape armholes:= Cast off 4 sts. beginning next 2 rows then dec. 1. st.
each end of needle every alternate row 4 times. 61 sts. on needle. Continue
even until armhole measures 4 ins. from first shaping.

=To shape shoulders:= Cast off 8 sts. beginning next 4 rows. Cast off.

(_Continued on page 40_)


=(B) GIRL'S FLARED COAT=--_Illustrated on page 34_

  MATERIALS: =P & B SUPERIOR DOUBLE KNITTING=. 8 ozs. Moss Green.
  4 Buttons.

=For Needles and Tension see Legging Suit page 46.=

  MEASUREMENTS:                   =1 yr.=     =1-1/2 yrs.=   =2 yrs.=
  Width all round at underarm     21    ins.   21-1/2 ins.   22 ins.
  Length from top of shoulder     13-1/2 "     14      "     15  "
  Length of sleeve underarm seam   7-1/2 "      8-1/2  "      9  "

BACK: Cast on 92 sts. Knit 5 rows Garter st. =6th row:= Knit. =7th row:=
K1. Purl to last st. K1. Repeat 6th and 7th rows 3 times.

=1st decreasing row:= (K5. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o. K9. K2tog. K5) 4 times. Work
7 rows Stocking st. after this and 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 5th decreasing rows.

=2nd decreasing row:= (K5. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o. K7. K2tog. K5) 4 times. =3rd
decreasing row:= (K5. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o. K5. K2tog. K5) 4 times. =4th
decreasing row:= (K5. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o. K3. K2tog. K5) 4 times. =5th
decreasing row:= (K5. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o. K1. K2tog. K5) 4 times. =6th
decreasing row:= (K5. Sl. 1. K2tog. p.s.s.o. K5) 4 times. 44 sts. on
needle. Continue even in Stocking st. until work from beginning measures 8
ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--8-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--9 ins._=)= ending with knit
row. Knit 5 rows Garter st. =Next row:= Knit, increasing to 48 sts.
Continue even in Stocking st. until work from beginning measures 9-1/2 ins.
=(=_1-1/2 yrs.--10 ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--11 ins._=)= ending with purl row.

=To shape armholes:= Cast off 3 sts. beginning next 2 rows, then dec. 1.
st. each end of needle next and alternate row to 38 sts. on needle.
Continue even until armhole measures 4 ins. from first shaping, ending with
purl row. Cast off.

RIGHT FRONT: Cast on 49 sts. Knit 5 rows Garter st. =6th row:= Knit.=7th
row:= K1. Purl to last 3 sts. K3. Repeat 6th and 7th rows 3 times.

=1st decreasing row:= K3. (K5. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o. K9. K2tog. K5) twice.
Work 7 rows Stocking st. after this and 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 5th decreasing
rows.

=2nd decreasing row:= K3. (K5. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o. K7. K2tog. K5) twice.
=3rd decreasing row:= K3. (K5. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o. K5. K2tog. K5) twice.
=4th decreasing row:= K3. (K5. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o. K3. K2tog. K5) twice.
=5th decreasing row:= K3. (K5. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o. K1. K2tog. K5) twice.
=6th decreasing row:= K3. (K5. Sl. 1. K2tog. p.s.s.o. K5) twice. 25 sts. on
needle. Continue even in Stocking st. until work from beginning measures 8
ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--8-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs--9 ins._=)= ending with knit
row. =Next row:= Knit. =Next row:= (1st buttonhole). K2. Wl. fwd. K2tog.
Knit to end of row. Knit 3 rows Garter st. _Next row:_ Knit, increasing to
27 sts. Continue even in Stocking st. until work from beginning measures
9-1/2 ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--10 ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--11 ins._=)=, working 2nd
buttonhole 10 rows above 1st. in Garter st. border.

=To shape armhole:= Working 2 more buttonholes 10 rows apart, at armhole
edge cast off 3 sts. once, then dec. 1. st. every alternate row to 22 sts.
on needle. Continue even until armhole measures 3 ins. from first shaping.

=To shape neck:= At neck edge cast off 8 sts. once, then dec. 1. st. next
and every following row to 10 sts. on needle. Continue even until armhole
measures 4 ins. from first shaping. Cast off.

LEFT FRONT: Keeping the 3 Border sts. at the end instead of beginning of
row as follows:- =1st decreasing row:= (K5. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o. K9. K2tog.
K5) twice. K3. =2nd row:= K3. Purl to last st. K1. Work to correspond to
Right Front, omitting buttonholes and being careful to have all shapings at
opposite side.

SLEEVES: Cast on 20 sts. Work exactly as given for Legging Suit, see page
46.

COLLAR: Cast on 12 sts. Work exactly as given for Legging Suit, see page
46.

TO MAKE UP: Press all pieces carefully. Sew all seams. Sew in sleeves. Sew
collar to neck, placing ends 2 sts. from each front edge. Sew buttons to
correspond to buttonholes.


=(C) GIRL'S OR BOY'S CARDIGAN=

_Illustrated on page 34_

  MATERIALS: =4 ply MISS CANADA FINGERING=. 4 ozs. Cascade. 10
  Buttons. Small quantity of wool for embroidery.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:                    =1 yr.=    =1-1/2 yrs.=    =2 yrs.=
  Width all round at underarm     21    ins.   21-1/2 ins.    22 ins.
  Length from top of shoulder     10     "     10-1/2  "      11  "
  Length of sleeve underarm seam   7-1/2 "      8-1/2  "       9  "

=For Girl's Cardigan the buttonholes are worked in the Right Front. For
Boy's Cardigan work the buttonholes in the Left Front.=

RIGHT FRONT: (For Boy's Cardigan omit buttonholes. See Left Front). Cast on
32 sts. =1st row:= K2. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row. Repeat 1st.
row once. =3rd row:= (1st. buttonhole) K2. P1. K1. Wl. fwd. K2tog. *P1. K1.
Repeat from * to end of row. Repeat 1st. row 9 times, then 3rd row once.
Continue even in ribbing until work measures 2 ins. from beginning ending
at Front edge. =Next row:= K8. *Inc. 1. st. in next st. K5. Repeat from * 3
times. 36 sts. on needle. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K1. Purl to last 8 sts. K8. =2nd row:= Knit. Repeat 1st. and 2nd
rows until 9 rows have been worked above 2nd buttonhole ending at Front
edge. =Next row:= (3rd buttonhole) K4. Wl. fwd. K2tog. Knit to end of row.
Keeping Garter st. border at Front edge and working 7 more buttonholes 9
rows apart, continue even until work from beginning measures 6 ins.
=(=_1-1/2 yrs.--6-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--7 ins._=)=.

=To shape armhole:= Still working buttonholes as before, at armhole edge
cast off 3 sts. once, then dec. 1. st. every alternate row 4 times.

=To make yoke:= Still working buttonholes, continue even in Garter st.
until work from beginning measures 9 ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--9-1/2 ins._=)=
=(=_2 yrs.--10 ins._=)= ending at Front edge.

=To shape neck:= At neck edge cast off 13 sts. Knit to end of row. Continue
even in Garter st. until armhole from first shaping measures 4 ins.

=To shape shoulder:= At armhole edge cast off 8 sts. every alternate row
twice.

LEFT FRONT: (for Boy's Cardigan the buttonholes are worked in this Front).
Cast on 32 sts. =1st row:= *K1. P1. Repeat from * to last 2 sts. K2. Repeat
1st. row for 2 ins. =Next row:= *K5. Inc. 1. st. in next st. Repeat from *
3 times. K8. 36 sts. on needle. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K8. Purl to last st. K1. =2nd row:= Knit. Continue to correspond
to Right Front, omitting buttonholes and being careful to have all shapings
for opposite side.

BACK: Cast on 66 sts. =1st row:= K2. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row.
Repeat 1st. row for 2 ins. =Next row:= *K5. Inc. 1. st. in next st. K5.
Repeat from * 5 times. 72 sts. on needle. Continue even in Stocking st.
until work from beginning measures 6 ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--6-1/2 ins._=)=
=(=_2 yrs.--7 ins._=)= ending with purl row.

=To shape armholes:= Cast off 4 sts. beginning next 2 rows, then dec. 1.
st. each end of needle next and every alternate row 4 times. 56 sts. on
needle. Continue even in Garter st. until armhole from first shaping
measures 4 ins.

=To shape shoulders:= Cast off 8 sts. beginning next 4 rows. Cast off
remaining sts.

SLEEVES: Cast on 36 sts. Work 2 ins. ribbing (K1. P1). Continue in Stocking
st. inc. 1. st. each end of needle on 5th and every following 6th row to 52
sts. on needle. Continue even until sleeve from beginning measures 7-1/2
ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--8-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--9 ins._=)= ending with purl
row. Cast off 2 sts. beginning every row to 16 sts. on needle. Cast off.

TO MAKE UP: Press carefully. Sew all seams. Sew buttons to correspond to
buttonholes. Embroider flowers as illustrated using Lazy Daisy st. and
French Knots.


=(D) GIRL'S DRESS=

_Illustrated on page 34_

  MATERIALS: =MISS CANADA CROCHET-KNITTING WOOL=. 5 ozs. Lt.
  Wisteria. 4 Stitch Holders. One Medium Crochet Hook.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:                    =1 yr.=    =1-1/2 yrs.=    =2 yrs.=
  Width all round at underarm     20    ins.   20-1/2 ins.    21    ins.
  Length from top of shoulder     14-1/2 "     15      "      16     "
  Length of sleeve underarm seam   3-1/2 "      3-1/2  "       3-1/2 "

FRONT: Cast on 156 sts. =1st row:= K2. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of
row. Repeat 1st. row 5 times. Work 4 rows even in Stocking st. =1st
decreasing row:= K20. K2tog. t.b.l. K35. K2tog. K38. K2tog. t.b.l. K35.
K2tog. K20. Work 3 rows even. =2nd decreasing row:= K20. K2tog. t.b.l. K33.
K2tog. K38. K2tog. t.b.l. K33. K2tog. K20. Work 3 rows even. =3rd
decreasing row:= K20. K2tog. t.b.l. K31. K2tog. K38. K2tog. t.b.l. K31.
K2tog. K20. =Next 3 rows:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. =4th decreasing row:=
K20. K2tog. t.b.l. K29. K2tog. K38. K2tog. t.b.l. K29. K2tog. K20. Work 3
rows even in Stocking st. =5th decreasing row:= K20. K2tog. t.b.l. K27.
K2tog. K38. K2tog. t.b.l. K27. K2tog. K20. =Next 3 rows:= K1. Purl to last
st. K1. Working in Stocking st. continue decreasing in this manner, every
4th row, having 2 less sts. between sts. knit tog. to 84 sts. on needle.
(18 decreasings). Continue even until work from beginning measures 8-1/2
ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--9 ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--10 ins._=)= ending with purl
row. =Next row:= *K2. K2tog. K3. Repeat from * to end of row. 72 sts. on
needle. Work 1 inch even in ribbing (K1. P1). With right side of work
facing proceed:- =Next row:= K2. (K8. Inc. 1. st. in next st. K8) 4 times.
K2. 76 sts. on needle. Continue even in Stocking st. until work from
beginning measures 10-1/2 ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--11 ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--12
ins._=)=.

=To shape armholes:= Cast off 4 sts. beginning next 2 rows. =3rd row:= K1.
K2tog. Knit to last 3 sts. K2tog. K1. =4th row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1.
=5th row:= K1. K2tog. K19. Turn. =6th and alternate rows:= Purl to last st.
K1. =7th row:= K1. K2tog. K16. Turn. =9th row:= K16. Turn. =11th row:= K15.
Turn. =13th row:= K14. Turn. Continue in this manner, that is knitting 1.
st. less every alternate row ending with K2. Turn. =Next row:= P1. K1.
Break wool and slip first 42 sts. onto first st. holder. Join wool at neck
edge and working on remaining 22 sts. proceed:-

=1st row:= K19. K2tog. K1. =2nd row:= K1. P18. Turn. =3rd row:= K16. K2tog.
K1. =4th row:= K1. P15. Turn. =5th and alternate rows:= Knit. =6th row:=
K1. P14. Turn. =8th row:= K1. P13. Turn. Continue in this manner ending
with K1. P1. Turn. =Next row:= K2. Break wool and slip these 20 sts. onto
2nd st. holder.

BACK: Cast on 156 sts. Work exactly as given for Front until work from
beginning measures 10-1/2 ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--11 ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--12
ins._=)=. 76 sts. on needle.

=To shape armholes:= Cast off 4 sts. beginning next 2 rows, then dec. 1.
st. each end of needle every alternate row 3 times. 62 sts. on needle. Work
5 rows even in Stocking st. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K20. Turn. =2nd and alternate rows:= Purl to last st. K1. =3rd
row:= K18. Turn. =5th row:= K16. Turn. =7th row:= K14. Turn. =9th row:=
K12. Turn. Continue in this manner ending with K2. Turn. =Next row:= P1.
K1. Break wool and slip first 42 sts. onto 3rd st. holder. Join wool at
neck edge and working on remaining 20 sts. proceed:-

=1st and alternate rows:= Knit. =2nd row:= K1. P17. Turn. =4th row:= K1.
P15. Turn. =6th row:= K1. P13. Turn. Continue in this manner ending with
K1. P1. =Next row:= K2. Break wool and slip these 20 sts. onto 4th st.
holder.

YOKE: With right side of work facing, join wool and starting with 42 sts.
of first st. holder proceed:- *K1. Pick up and knit loop at base of next
st. (This is an increase and will be termed "knit below" throughout).
Repeat from * 13 times. (K2. knit below) twice. (K1. P1) 12 times. Working
on 20 sts. of 2nd st. holder proceed:- K1. P1. (knit below. K2) twice.
(knit below. K1) 13 times. K1. Working on 42 sts. of 3rd st. holder
proceed:- (K1. knit below) 6 times. (K2. knit below) 6 times. (P1. K1) 12
times. Working on 20 sts. of 4th st. holder proceed:- P1. K1. (knit below.
K2) 6 times. (knit below. K1) 5 times. K1. 178 sts. on needle. Proceed:-

(_Continued on page 40_)




_Playing in the Sun.._

[Illustration: Sun Suit]


=SUN SUIT=

  MATERIALS: =3 ply BEEHIVE NON-SHRINK BABY WOOL.= 2 ozs. Sky Blue.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:                          =1 yr.=   =1-1/2 yrs.=  =2 yrs.=
  Length from top to crotch at Front   12-1/2 ins.   13 ins.     14 ins.

FRONT: Beginning at lower edge cast on 18 sts.

=To shape legs:= Work in Stocking st. casting on 5 sts. beginning every row
to 98 sts. on needle. Continue in Stocking st. dec. 1. st. each end of
needle every 12th row to 80 sts. on needle. Continue even until work from
beginning (at centre) measures 7-1/2 ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--8 ins._=)= =(=_2
yrs.--8-1/2 ins._=)=. Work 1 inch even in ribbing (K1. P1). Proceed:-

With right side of work facing cast off 16 sts. loosely in ribbing. Rib to
end of row. =Next row:= Cast off 10 sts. loosely in ribbing. Rib 54.

=To make bib:= Rib 8 sts. Knit to last 8 sts. Rib 8 sts. =2nd row:= Rib 8
sts. Purl to last 8 sts. Rib 8 sts. Keeping ribbed border of 8 sts. each
end, and centre sts. in Stocking st. dec. 1. st. each end of needle (inside
borders) next and every following 6th row to 40 sts. on needle ending with
purl row. Work 3/4 inch ribbing (K1. P1). =Next row:= Rib 8 sts. Cast off
24 sts. loosely in ribbing. Rib 8 sts.

=To make shoulder straps:= Working on last 8 sts. rib 10 ins. =(=_1-1/2
yrs.--10-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--11 ins._=)=. Cast off.

Join wool to remaining 8 sts. and work another strap to correspond.

BACK: Work exactly as given for Front to 86 sts. on needle. Continue even
until work from beginning (at centre) measures 7-1/2 ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs--8
ins._=) (=_2 yrs.--8-1/2 ins._=)= ending with knit row.

=To shape back:= =1st row:= K1. P49. Turn. =2nd row:= K14. Turn. =3rd row:=
P20. Turn. =4th row:= K26. Turn. =5th row:= P32. Turn. =6th row:= K38.
Turn. Continue in this manner, working over 6 more sts. every row until all
sts. have been worked. Work 1 inch even in ribbing (K1. P1). Cast off
loosely in ribbing.

LEG BANDS: Sew together the cast-on edges of crotch. With right side of
work facing pick up and knit 84 sts. around leg opening. Work 3/4 inch
ribbing (K1. P1). Cast off loosely in ribbing. Work the other leg to
correspond.

TO MAKE UP: Press carefully. Sew side seams. Cross straps at back and sew
to top of ribbing 2 inches from side seams.


=(E) GIRL'S COAT=--_Illustrated on page 34_

  MATERIALS: =4 ply BEEHIVE FINGERING=. 5 ozs. Rose Mist No. 1312.
  4 Buttons. Small quantity of wool for embroidery.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:                    =1 yr.=    =1-1/2 yrs.=   =2 yrs.=
  Width all round at underarm     21    ins.   21-1/2 ins.   22 ins.
  Length from top of shoulder     14-1/2 "     15      "     16  "
  Length of sleeve underarm seam   7-1/2 "      8-1/2  "      9  "

RIGHT FRONT: Cast on 57 sts. Knit 13 rows Garter st. =14th row:= Knit.
=15th row:= K6. *P1. K8. Repeat from * to last 15 sts. P1. K14. Repeat 14th
and 15th rows 4 times. =24th row:= Knit. =25th row:= K1. Purl to last 6
sts. K6. Keeping Front border of 6 Garter sts. work 1/2 inch even in
Stocking st. ending with purl row.

=1st decreasing row:= K15. K2tog. t.b.l. K27. K2tog. K11. Keeping Garter
st. border, work 7 rows even in Stocking st. also after each of the
following decreasings.

=2nd decreasing row:= K15. K2tog. t.b.l. K25. K2tog. K11.

=3rd decreasing row:= K15. K2tog. t.b.l. K23. K2tog. K11.

Continue decreasing in this manner, every 8th row, having 2 sts. less
between sts. knit tog. to 43 sts. on needle. Continue even until work from
beginning measures 8 ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--8-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--9
ins._=)= ending at Front edge. =Next row:= (buttonhole) K2. Cast off 2 sts.
Knit to end of row. =Next row:= K1. Purl to last 6 sts. K2. Cast on 2 sts.
K2. Working 3 more buttonholes 14 rows apart, continue even until work from
beginning measures 10-1/2 ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--11 ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--12
ins._=)= ending at side edge.

=To shape armhole:= Cast off 4 sts. once, then dec. 1. st. every alternate
row 4 times. 35 sts. on needle. Still working buttonholes, continue even
until work from beginning measures 14 ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--14-1/2 ins._=)=
=(=_2 yrs.--15 ins._=)=.

=To shape neck:= At neck edge cast off 12 sts. once, then dec. 1. st. every
row to 18 sts. on needle.

=To shape shoulder:= At armhole edge cast off 9 sts. every alternate row
twice.

LEFT FRONT: Cast on 57 sts. Knit 13 rows Garter st. =14th row:= Knit. =15th
row:= K14. *P1. K8. Repeat from * to last 7 sts. P1. K6. Repeat 14th and
15th rows 4 times. =24th row:= Knit. =25th row:= K6. Purl to last st. K1.
Keeping Front border of 6 Garter sts. work 1/2 inch even in Stocking st.
ending with purl row.

=1st decreasing row:= K11. K2tog. t.b.l. K27. K2tog. K15. Work 7 rows even
in Stocking st. also after each of the following decreasings.

=2nd decreasing row:= K11. K2tog. t.b.l. K25. K2tog. K15.

=3rd decreasing row:= K11. K2tog. t.b.l. K23. K2tog. K15.

Continue decreasing in this manner, every 8th row, having 2 sts. less
between sts. knit tog. to 43 sts. on needle. Omitting buttonholes work to
correspond to Right Front, being careful to have all shapings for opposite
side.

BACK: Cast on 108 sts. Knit 13 rows Garter st. =14th row:= Knit. =15th
row:= K4. *P1. K8. Repeat from * to last 5 sts. P1. K4. Repeat 14th and
15th rows 4 times. =24th row:= Knit. =25th row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1.
Work 1/2 inch Stocking st. ending with purl row.

=1st decreasing row:= K12. K2tog. t.b.l. K27. K2tog. K22. K2tog. t.b.l.
K27. K2tog. K12. Work 7 rows even in Stocking st. also after each of the
following decreasings.

=2nd decreasing row:= K12. K2tog. t.b.l. K25. K2tog. K22. K2tog. t.b.l.
K25. K2tog. K12.

Keeping centre panel of 22 sts. continue decreasing in this manner, every
8th row, having 2 sts. less between sts. knit tog. to 80 sts. on needle.
Continue even until work from beginning measures 10-1/2 ins. =(=_1-1/2
yrs.--11 ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--12 ins._=)= ending with purl row.

=To shape armholes:= Cast off 4 sts. beginning next 2 rows, then dec. 1.
st. each end of needle every alternate row 4 times. 64 sts. on needle.
Continue even until armhole from first shaping measures 4 ins.

=To shape shoulders:= Cast off 9 sts. beginning next 4 rows. Cast off
remaining sts.

SLEEVES: Cast on 38 sts. Knit 9 rows Garter st. =10th row:= Knit. =11th
row:= K5. *P1, K8. Repeat from * to last 6 sts. P1. K5. Repeat 10th and
11th rows 3 times. =18th row:= Knit. =19th row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1.
Continue in Stocking st. inc. 1. st. each end of needle every 6th row to 54
sts. on needle. Continue even until sleeve from beginning measures 7-1/2
ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--8-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--9 ins._=)=. Cast off 2 sts.
beginning every row to 18 sts. Cast off.

COLLAR: Cast on 20 sts. Knit 9-1/2 ins. Garter st. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--10
ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--10-1/2 ins._=)=. Cast off.

TO MAKE UP: Press carefully. Sew all seams. Sew collar to neck, placing
ends 2 sts. in from each Front edge. Sew buttons to correspond to
buttonholes. Embroider a daisy with leaves at the top of each straight st.
in border at bottom of coat and sleeves, using Lazy Daisy st. and French
Knots.


=(AA) GIRL'S COAT= (_continued from page 37_)

LEFT FRONT: Join wool and work remaining sts. as follows:- (K2tog.) 28
times. K1. Wl. fwd. K2tog. (P1. K1) 3 times. 37 sts. on needle. =2nd row:=
(K1. P1) 3 times. P1. (P1. K1) to end of row. =3rd row:= K1. *P1. K1.
Repeat from * to last 8 sts. Wl. fwd. K2tog. (P1. K1) 3 times. Repeat 2nd
and 3rd rows once, then 2nd row once. =7th row:= K5. *Inc. 1. st. in next
st. K5. Repeat from * 3 times. Wl. fwd. K2tog. (P1. K1) 3 times. =8th and
alternate rows:= (K1. P1) 3 times. Purl to last st. K1. =9th row:= Knit to
last 8 sts. Wl. fwd. K2tog. (P1. K1) 3 times. Continue even until work from
beginning measures 10-1/2 ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--11 ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--12
ins._=)=. Omitting buttonholes, shape armhole and continue to correspond to
Right Front.

SLEEVES: Cast on 37 sts. =1st row:= K1. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of
row. Repeat 1st. row 6 times. =8th row:= K1. *Wl. fwd. K2tog. Repeat from *
to end of row. =9th row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. =10th row:= K1. *K2.
Inc. 1. st. in next st. K1. Repeat from * 8 times. 46 sts. on needle.
Continue in Stocking st. inc. 1. st. each end of needle every 8th row to 52
sts. on needle. Continue even until sleeve from beginning measures 7-1/2
ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--8-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--9 ins_.=)= ending with purl
row.

=To shape cap:= *Cast off 2 sts. beginning next 2 rows, then 1. st.
beginning following 2 rows.* Repeat from * to * to 16 sts. on needle. Cast
off.

COLLAR: Cast on 63 sts. =1st row:= K1. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of
row. Repeat 1st. row 6 times. =8th row:= K1. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to last
8 sts. P2tog. (P1. K1) 3 times. Repeat from ** to ** as given for Coat
once. Proceed:-

=1st row:= (K1. P1) 3 times. w.o.n. K2tog. Knit to last 8 sts. Wl. fwd.
K2tog. (P1. K1) 3 times. =2nd row:= (K1. P1) 3 times. Purl to last 6 sts.
(P1. K1) 3 times. Repeat 1st. and 2nd rows 3 times. Cast off.

TO MAKE UP: Press carefully. Sew side and shoulder seams of yoke. Sew
sleeve seams and sew in armholes. Sew collar to neck placing the edges 2
sts. from each front edge. Sew buttons to correspond to buttonholes.


=(D) GIRL'S DRESS= (_Continued from page 38_)

=1st row:= *K1. P1. Repeat from * to last 2 sts. K2. Repeat this row 6
times. =8th row:= K2tog. (K1. P1) twice. *(K1. P1) twice. K3tog. P1. Repeat
from * to last 12 sts. (K1. P1) 5 times. K2tog. 136 sts. on needle. =9th
row:= K2. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row. Repeat 9th row 6 times.
=16th row:= K2. (P1. K1) 5 times. *P1. K3tog. (P1. K1) 4 times. Repeat from
* to last 4 sts. (P1. K1) twice. 116 sts. on needle. =17th row:= As 9th
row. =18th row:= (eyelets) K2. (P1. K1) twice. *Wl. fwd. K2tog. (P1. K1)
twice. Repeat from * to last 8 sts. Wl. fwd. K2tog. (P1. K1) 3 times.
Repeat 9th row twice. =21st row:= K1. P2tog. (K1. P1) 24 times. K1. P2tog.
P1. K1. P2tog. (P1. K1) 27 times. P1. K2tog. K1. 112 sts. on needle. Cast
off loosely in ribbing.

SLEEVES: Cast on 36 sts. Work 1 inch ribbing (K1. P1). Proceed: =1st row:=
*K2. Inc. 1. st. in next st. Repeat from * to end of row. 48 sts. on
needle. =2nd row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. =3rd row:= Knit. Repeat 2nd and
3rd rows once, 2nd row 3 times. =9th row:= Knit. =10th row:= K1. Purl to
last st. K1. Repeat 9th and 10th rows twice then 10th row twice more.
Continue even in Stocking st. until sleeve measures 3-1/2 ins. from
beginning ending with purl row. Cast off 2 sts. beginning every row to 16
sts. Cast off.

TO MAKE UP: Press carefully. Sew all seams. Sew in sleeves. With double
wool crochet a cord. Thread through eyelets at neck of dress. Make and sew
a pom-pom to each end.

=(I) BOY'S PULLOVER= With Short and Long Sleeves.--_Illustrated on page_
35

  MATERIALS: =3 ply BEEHIVE FINGERING.= 3 ozs. Turquoise No. 511 (T) for
  Short or Long Sleeves. Small quantity of Pink No. 2019 (P), Yellow
  No. 2042 (Y) and Black (B). Two Stitch Holders. One Medium Crochet Hook.
  3 Buttons.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:                         =1 yr.=    =1-1/2 yrs.=  =2 yrs.=
  Width all round at underarm           20    ins.  20-1/2 ins.  21   ins.
  Length from top of shoulder           10-1/2 "    11-1/2  "    13     "
  Length of short sleeve underarm seam   2-1/2 "     2-1/2  "     2-1/2 "
  Length of long sleeve underarm seam    7-1/2 "     8-1/2  "     9 "

Wind 4 small balls (T). Cut 6 strands (T) 1-1/2 yds. long and 6 strands (P)
1 yd. long. Wind remaining (P) into 3 balls. Cut 6 strands (Y) 1/2 yd.
long.

BACK: With (T) wool cast on 76 sts. =1st row:= K2. *P1. K1. Repeat from *
to end of row. Repeat 1st. row for 2 ins. inc. 1. st. at end of last row.
Proceed to work from chart, reading from right to left for knit rows, and
from left to right for purl rows, using the balls and strands of wool as
indicated on chart, being careful to twist wool when changing colours. When
design has been worked break all wools except 1st. ball (T). With (T)
continue even in Stocking st. until work from beginning measures 6-1/2 ins.
=(=_1-1/2 yrs_.--_7-1/2 ins_.=)= =(=_2 yrs_.--_9 ins_.=)= ending with purl
row.

=To shape armholes:= Cast off 4 sts. beginning next 2 rows, then dec. 1.
st. each end of needle next and every alternate row to 63 sts. on needle.
Continue even in Stocking st. until armhole measures 3-1/2 ins. from first
shaping ending with purl row.

=To shape neck: 1st row:= K22. Turn. Working on these 22 sts. dec. 1. st.
at neck edge next and every following row to 18 sts. on needle. Continue
even until armhole measures 4 ins. from first shaping.

=To shape shoulder:= At armhole edge cast off 6 sts. every alternate row 3
times.

Slip next 19 sts. on st. holder. Work remaining 22 sts. to correspond to
other side.

FRONT: Work exactly as given for Back until armhole measures 2-1/2 ins.
from first shaping ending with purl row.

=To shape neck: 1st row:= K25. Turn. Working on these 25 sts. dec. 1. st.
at neck edge next and every following row to 18 sts. on needle. Continue
even in Stocking st. until armhole measures 4 ins. from first shaping.
Shape shoulder as given for Back.

Slip next 13 sts. on st. holder. Work remaining 25 sts. to correspond to
other side.

NECKBAND: Sew left shoulder seam. With right side of work facing, and (P)
wool, pick up and knit 8 sts. along right side of neck. Knit 19 sts. from
st. holder at back of neck. Pick up and knit 26 sts. along left side of
neck. Knit 13 sts. from st. holder at front of neck. Pick up and knit 18
sts. along other side of neck. 84 sts. on needle. Break (P). Join (T).
=Next row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. Work 1/2 inch ribbing (K1. P1). Cast
off in ribbing.

SHORT SLEEVES: Cast on 48 sts. Work 1/2 inch ribbing (K1. P1). =Next row:=
*K5. Inc. 1. st. in next st. Repeat from * to end of row. 56 sts. on
needle. =Next row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. Continue even in Stocking st.
until sleeve measures 2-1/2 ins. from beginning.

=To shape cap:= *Cast off 2 sts. beginning next 2 rows, then 1. st.
beginning following 2 rows.* Repeat from * to * to 20 sts. Cast off.

LONG SLEEVES: Cast on 40 sts. Work 2 ins. ribbing (K1. P1). =Next row:=
*K9. Inc. 1. st. in next st. Repeat from * to end of row. 44 sts. on
needle. =Next row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. Continue in Stocking st. inc.
1. st. each end of needle on 7th and every following 6th row to 56 sts. on
needle. Continue even until sleeve from beginning measures 7-1/2 ins.
=(=_1-1/2 yrs_.--_8-1/2 ins_.=) (=_2 yrs_.--_9 ins_.=)= ending with purl
row. Shape cap as given for Short Sleeves.

TO MAKE UP: Press all pieces carefully. Darn all ends on wrong side. Sew
all seams except right shoulder. Work 1 row d.c. along back of right
shoulder and 1 row s.c. along front working 3 chain loops for buttonholes.
Sew buttons to correspond to buttonholes.

[Illustration: Bear Pullover Chart]

[Illustration: =_Time Out!_=]


=OVERALL SUIT=

     (_The Leggings may be made with or without feet_).

  MATERIALS: =4 ply BEEHIVE FINGERING=. 8 ozs. Green No. 600.
  =Pullover=--4 ozs. =Leggings=--4 ozs. 8 Buttons. One spare
  needle with points at both ends. One Medium Crochet Hook.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:                    =1 yr.=   =1-1/2 yrs.=    =2 yrs.=
  =Pullover:=
  Width all round at underarm      20   ins.  20-1/2 ins.   21     ins.
  Length from top of shoulder      11     "   11-1/2  "     12      "
  Length of sleeve underarm seam    7-1/2 "    8-1/2  "      9      "
  =Leggings:=
  Length of Front seam              8-1/2 "    9      "      9-1/2  "
  Length of leg seam to ankle      10-1/2 "   11      "     11-1/2  "

PULLOVER--FRONT: Cast on 72 sts. Work 1-1/2 ins. ribbing (K1. P1) inc. 4
sts. in last row. 76 sts. on needle. Continue even in Stocking st. until
work from beginning measures 5-1/2 ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--6 ins._=)= =(=_2
yrs.--6-1/2 ins._=)= ending with purl row. Proceed:

=1st row:= K24. *Slip next 2 sts. onto spare needle and place at back of
work. Knit next 2 sts. Bring the 2 sts. forward and slip them back onto
needle. Knit these 2 sts. (This will be termed "Twist" throughout). K4.
Repeat from * twice. Twist. K24. =2nd row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. =3rd
row:= Knit. =4th row:= As 2nd row. Repeat these 4 rows until work from
beginning measures approx. 7 ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--7-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_2
yrs.--8 ins._=)= ending with 2nd pattern row.

=To shape armholes:= Keeping continuity of pattern cast off 6 sts.
beginning next 2 rows then dec. 1. st. each end of needle every row to 56
sts. on needle, ending with 4th pattern row. =Next row:= K2. *K4. Twist.
Repeat from * to last 6 sts. K6. Continue even in pattern until work from
beginning measures approx. 9-3/4 ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--10-1/4 ins._=)= =(=_2
yrs.--10-3/4 ins._=)= ending with purl row.

=To shape neck:= Work 23 sts. in pattern. Cast off 10 sts. Work 23 sts. in
pattern. Working on last 23 sts. keeping continuity of pattern and armhole
edge even, at neck edge dec. 1. st. every row to 14 sts. on needle.
Continue even in pattern until armhole measures 4 ins. from first shaping.

=To shape shoulder:= At armhole edge cast off 7 sts. every alternate row
twice.

Join wool to remaining sts. at neck edge and work other shoulder to
correspond.

NECKBAND: With right side of work facing pick up and knit 40 sts. around
neck. Work 3/4 inch ribbing (K1. P1). Cast off loosely in ribbing.

BACK: Work exactly as given for Front until work from beginning measures
9-3/4 ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--10-1/4 ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--10-3/4 ins._=)=
ending with purl row. Work 3/4 inch more in pattern.

=To shape neck and shoulder:= Work 18 sts. in pattern. Cast off 20 sts.
Work 18 sts. in pattern. Working on last 18 sts. keeping continuity of
pattern and armhole edge even, at neck edge dec. 1. st. every row to 14
sts. on needle. At armhole edge cast off 7 sts. every alternate row twice.
Join wool to remaining sts. at neck edge and work other shoulder to
correspond.

NECKBAND: Work as given for Front neckband but picking up 36 sts. instead
of 40 sts.

SLEEVES: Cast on 38 sts. Work 1 inch ribbing (K1. P1). Continue in Stocking
st. inc. 1. st. each end of needle on 7th and every following 6th row to 56
sts. on needle. Continue even until sleeve from beginning measures 7-1/2
ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--8-1/2 ins._=) (=_2 yrs.--9 ins._=)= or desired length.
Cast off 2 sts. beginning every row to 24 sts. Cast off.

    (_Leggings without feet_--_see page 43_)


=LEGGINGS WITH FEET=

**RIGHT LEG: Cast on 76 sts. Work 1/2 inch ribbing (K1. P1). =Next row:=
*Rib 2. w.r.n. P2tog. Repeat from * to end of row. Work 1-1/2 ins. ribbing
(K1. P1). Working in Stocking st. proceed:-

=To shape back:= =1st row:= K8. Turn. =2nd and alternate rows:= Purl to
last st. K1. =3rd row:= K16. Turn. =5th row:= K24. Turn. Continue in this
manner, working over 8 extra sts. every knit row until 28 sts. remain,
ending with purl row. =Next row:= Knit across all sts. =Next row:= K1. Purl
to last st. K1. Continue in Stocking st. inc. 1. st. at long side of work
every following 6th row to 86 sts. on needle. Continue even until work from
beginning, at short edge, measures 8-1/2 ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--9 ins._=)=
=(=_2 yrs.--9-1/2 ins._=)= ending with purl row.

=To shape leg:= Dec. 1. st. each end of needle every knit row to 54 sts. on
needle, then 1. st. each end of needle every following 4th row to 42 sts.
on needle. Continue even until leg seam from beginning measures 10 ins.
=(=_1-1/2 yrs.--10-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--11 ins._=)= ending with purl
row.**

=To shape foot:= =1st row:= (eyelets) K1. *K2. K2tog. Wl. fwd. Repeat from
* to last st. K1. =2nd row:= K19. Turn. =3rd row:= K12. Turn. Working on
these 12 sts. knit 29 rows Garter st. =Next row:= K12. Pick up and knit 16
sts. along side of instep. Knit across the 23 sts. which were left. =Next
row:= K51. Pick up and knit 16 sts. along other side of instep. Knit across
remaining 7 sts. 74 sts. on needle. Knit 12 rows Garter st. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K22. K2tog. K10. K2tog. K27. (K2tog.) twice. K7. =2nd row:= K6.
(K2tog.) twice. K25. K2tog. K10. K2tog. K21. =3rd row:= K21. K2tog. K8.
K2tog. K24. (K2tog.) twice. K5. =4th row:= K4. (K2tog.) twice. K22. K2tog.
K8. K2tog. K20. Cast off.

LEFT LEG: Work to correspond to Right Leg, having back shaping on purl rows
instead of knit rows. To reverse foot shapings after eyelet row at ankle
has been worked, knit 1 row then continue exactly as given for Right Leg,
beginning with 2nd row.


=OVERALL SUIT= (_Continued_)
=LEGGINGS WITHOUT FEET=

RIGHT LEG: Work from ** to ** as given for Leggings with Feet. 42 sts. on
needle. Proceed:-

=To shape foot: 1st row:= Knit. =2nd row:= K8. P13. K21. Repeat 1st. and
2nd rows once, then 1st. row once. =6th row:= Cast off 6 sts. K2. P13. K21.
=7th row:= Cast off 19 sts. K17. =8th row:= K2. P13. K2. =9th row:= Knit.
Repeat 8th and 9th rows twice, then 8th row once.

=To shape toe: 1st row:= K2. K2tog. t.b.l. K9. K2tog. K2. =2nd and
alternate rows:= K2. Purl to last 2 sts. K2. =3rd row:= K2. K2tog. t.b.l.
K7. K2tog. K2. =5th row:= K2. K2tog. t.b.l. K5. K2tog. K2. =7th row:= K2.
K2tog. K3. K2tog. K2. =8th and 10th rows:= Knit. =9th row:= K2. K2tog. K1.
K2tog. K2. Cast off.

LEFT LEG: Work to correspond to Right Leg, having back shaping on purl rows
instead of knit rows, and being careful to have shaping for foot at
opposite side.

TO MAKE UP: Press all pieces carefully. Sew all seams. Crochet 4 loops for
buttonholes on each shoulder of pullover. Sew buttons to correspond to
buttonholes. With double wool crochet a cord for waist of leggings and
ankles of leggings with feet. Thread through eyelets. Make and sew tassels
to each end. Sew a small piece of elastic to each instep of leggings
without feet.


=(J) BOY'S PULLOVER=--_Illustrated on page 35_

  MATERIALS: =MISS CANADA CROCHET-KNITTING WOOL.= 4 ozs. Violet
  No. 1. 4 Buttons. One Medium Crochet Hook.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:                    =1 yr.=    =1-1/2 yrs.=    =2 yrs.=
  Width all round at underarm      20 ins.    20-1/2 ins.    21 ins.
  Length from top of shoulder      12  "      12-1/2  "      13  "
  Length of sleeve underarm seam    7-1/2 "       8-1/2  "       9  "

PATTERN: =1st row:= (wrong side of work) Knit. =2nd row:= K1. Purl to last
st. K1. =3rd row:= Knit. =4th row:= K1. P2. *(K1. P1. K1) all in next st.
P5. Repeat from * to last 3 sts. (K1. P1. K1) all in next st. P1. K1. =5th
row:= K2. *Bring wool to front of work as if to purl. Sl. 1. purl ways. Put
wool to back of work. K1. Bring wool to front of work. Sl. 1. purl ways.
Put wool to back of work. (The working of these 3 sts. will be termed
"pattern" throughout). K5. Repeat from * to last 6 sts. Pattern. K3. =6th
row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1, slipping the slipped sts. purl ways, and
passing the wool behind these slipped sts. =7th row:= As 5th row. =8th
row:= K1. P1. *K2tog. P1. Sl. 1. knitways. K1. p.s.s.o. P3. Repeat from *
to last 6 sts. K2tog. P1. Sl. 1. knitways. K1. p.s.s.o. K1. Repeat 1st.
and 2nd rows once, then 1st. row once. =12th row:= K1. P5. *(K1. P1. K1)
all in next st. P5. Repeat from * to end of row. =13th row:= *K5. Pattern.
Repeat from * to last 6 sts. K6. =14th row:= As 6th row. =15th row:= As
13th row. =16th row:= K1. P4. *K2tog. P1. Sl. 1. knitways. K1. p.s.s.o.
P3. Repeat from * to last st. K1. These 16 rows complete one pattern.

FRONT: Cast on 72 sts. Work 1-1/2 ins. ribbing (K1. P1). Work 5 complete
patterns. Work now measures approx. 8-1/4 ins. from beginning. (_1-1/2
yrs.--8-1/2 ins._) (_2 yrs.--9 ins._).

=To shape armholes:= Keeping continuity of pattern cast off 4 sts.
beginning next 2 rows, then dec. 1. st. each end of needle every alternate
row 4 times. 56 sts. on needle. Continue even in pattern until there are 2
complete patterns from first armhole shaping. Proceed:-

=1st row:= Knit. =2nd row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. Repeat these 2 rows
until armhole measures 4 ins. from first shaping. Cast off.

BACK: Work exactly as given for Front.

SLEEVES: Cast on 36 sts. Work 2-1/4 ins. ribbing (K1. P1), inc. 12 sts. in
last row. 48 sts. on needle. Work 4 complete patterns. Keeping continuity
of pattern cast off 2 sts. beginning every row to 16 sts. Cast off.

TO MAKE UP: Press all pieces carefully. Sew all seams except shoulders.
Work 1 row s.c. around neck opening, working 2 loops on front edge at each
shoulder for buttonholes. Sew buttons to correspond to buttonholes.


=(L) BOY'S PULLOVER=--_Illustrated on page 35_

  MATERIALS: =BEEHIVE LUSTRE CREPE.= 3 ozs. Cherry Bloom. (_1-1/2
  yrs.--4 ozs._) (_2 yrs.--4 ozs._). One Medium Crochet Hook. 4 Buttons.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:                    =1 yr.=     =1-1/2 yrs.=    =2 yrs.=
  Width all round at underarm     20    ins.   20-1/2 ins.     21 ins.
  Length from top of shoulder     12     "     12-1/2  "       13  "
  Length of sleeve underarm seam   7-1/2 "      8-1/2  "        9  "

PATTERN: =1st row:= K2. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row. Repeat 1st.
row 5 times. =7th row:= *K2. Sl. 1. Repeat from * to last 2 sts. K2. =8th
row:= K1. P1. Sl. 1. *P2. Sl. 1. Repeat from * to last 2 sts. P1. K1. =9th
row:= As 7th row. =10th row:= *Purl the 3rd st. on the left-hand needle
(the slipped st.) passing it over the first 2 sts. Purl these 2 sts. Repeat
from * to last 2 sts. P1. K1. Repeat 7th and 8th rows once, then 7th row
once. =14th row:= K1. P1. *Inserting the needle through the 3rd st. on the
left-hand needle (the slipped st.) purl each of the next 2 sts., then purl
the slipped st. Repeat from * to end of row. Repeat 1st. row 6 times.

=These 20 rows complete Border for lower edge of pullover, cuffs and boat
neck.=

FRONT: Cast on 74 sts. Work 1 complete pattern. Continue even in Stocking
st. until work from beginning measures 8 ins. (_1-1/2 yrs.--8-1/2 ins._)
(_2 yrs.--9 ins._).

=To shape armholes:= Cast off 5 sts. beginning next 2 rows then dec. 1. st.
each end of needle every alternate row to 56 sts. on needle. Continue even
until armhole from first shaping measures 2 ins. Work 1 complete pattern.
Cast off loosely in ribbing.

BACK: Work exactly as given for Front.

SLEEVES: Cast on 38 sts. Work 1 complete pattern. Continue in Stocking st.
inc. 1. st. each end of needle on 5th and every following 6th row to 52
sts. on needle. Continue even until sleeve from beginning measures 7-1/2
ins. (_1-1/2 yrs.--8-1/2 ins._) (_2 yrs.--9 ins._). Cast off 2 sts.
beginning every row to 16 sts. Cast off.

TO MAKE UP: Press all pieces being careful not to flatten the pattern. Sew
shoulder seams 1 inch from armhole edges. Work 1 row s.c. along front edge
making 2 loops each side for buttons. Sew buttons to correspond.


=(H) BOY'S PULLOVER=--_Illustrated on page 35_

  MATERIALS: =BEEHIVE LUSTRE CREPE.= 4 ozs. Ocean Green. 3 Buttons.
  One Medium Crochet Hook.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:                    =1 yr.=    =1-1/2 yrs.=    =2 yrs.=
  Width all round at underarm     20    ins.   20-1/2 ins.     21 ins.
  Length from top of shoulder     12     "     12-1/2  "       13  "
  Length of sleeve underarm seam   7-1/2 "      8-1/2  "        9  "

FRONT: Cast on 76 sts. Work 2 ins. ribbing (K2. P2). Continue even in
Stocking st. until work measures 5 ins. from beginning ending with purl
row. Proceed:-

=1st row:= Knit. =2nd row:= K1. P26. K22. P26. K1. =3rd row:= Knit. =4th
row:= As 2nd row. **=5th row:= K29. (K2. P2) 4 times. K31. =6th row:= K1.
P26. K3. P1. (K2. P2) 3 times. K2. P1. K3. P26. K1. Repeat 5th and 6th rows
once, then 5th row once. =10th row:= K1. P26. K22. P26. K1. =11th row:=
Knit. =12th row:= As 10th row.** Repeat from ** to ** twice. Continue even
in Stocking st. until work from beginning measures 8 ins. (_1-1/2
yrs.--8-1/2 ins._) (_2 yrs.--9 ins._) ending with purl row.

=To shape armholes:= Cast off 5 sts. beginning next 2 rows, then dec. 1.
st. each end of needle every row 3 times, ending with knit row. 60 sts. on
needle. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K1. P3. K22. P8. K22. P3. K1. =2nd row:= Knit. =3rd row:= As
1st. row. **=4th row:= K6. (K2. P2) 4 times. K14. (K2. P2) 4 times. K8.
=5th row:= K1. P3. *K3. P1. (K2. P2) 3 times. K2. P1. K3.* P8. Repeat from
* to * once. P3. K1. Repeat 4th and 5th rows once, then 4th row once. =9th
row:= K1. P3. K22. P8. K22. P3. K1. =10th row:= Knit. =11th row:= As 9th
row.** Repeat from ** to ** twice. Work 4 rows Stocking st.

    _(Continued on page 45)_

=(F) BOY'S SUSPENDER SUIT=--_Illustrated on page 35_

  MATERIALS: =3 ply BEEHIVE NON-SHRINK BABY WOOL.= 4 ozs. Sky Blue.
  (=Pullover=--2 ozs. =Knickers=--2 ozs.). One Medium Crochet Hook.
  3 small and 2 larger Buttons. Two Stitch Holders.
  1 yd. Ribbon 1-1/4 ins. wide.

  MEASUREMENTS:                       =1 yr.=     =1-1/2 yrs.=  =2 yrs.=
  =Pullover:=
  Width all round at underarm         20    ins.  20-1/2 ins.  21    ins.
  Length from top of shoulder         10-1/2 "    11      "    11-1/2 "
  Length of sleeve underarm seam       2-1/2 "     2-1/2  "     2-1/2 "
  =Knickers:=
  Length from waist to crotch at front 9-1/4 "     9-3/4  "    10-3/4 "

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=


THE PULLOVER

BACK: Cast on 88 sts. =1st row:= K2. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row.
Repeat 1st. row for 2 ins. Continue even in Stocking st. until work from
beginning measures 6-1/2 ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--7 ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--7-1/2
ins._=)=, ending with purl row.

=To shape armholes:= Cast off 4 sts. beginning next 2 rows, then dec. 1.
st. each end of needle next and every alternate row to 68 sts. on needle.
Continue even in Stocking st. until armhole measures 8-1/2 ins. from first
shaping ending with purl row.

=To shape neck:= K24. Turn. Working on these 24 sts. dec. 1. st. at neck
edge next and every following row to 20 sts. on needle.

=To shape shoulder:= At armhole edge cast off 5 sts. every alternate row 4
times.

Slip next 20 sts. on st. holder. Work remaining 24 sts. to correspond to
other side.

FRONT: Work exactly as given for Back until armhole measures 2-1/2 ins.
from first shaping ending with purl row.

=To shape neck:= K27. Turn. Working on these 27 sts. dec. 1. st. at neck
edge next and every following row to 20 sts. on needle. Continue even in
Stocking st. until armhole measures 4 ins. from first shaping.

=To shape shoulder:= At armhole edge cast off 5 sts. every alternate row 4
times.

Slip next 14 sts. on st. holder. Work remaining 27 sts. to correspond to
other side.

NECKBAND: Sew left shoulder seam. With right side of work facing pick up
and knit 13 sts. along right side of neck. Knit 20 sts. from st. holder.
Pick up and knit 36 sts. along left side of neck. Knit 14 sts. from st.
holder. Pick up and knit 22 sts. along other side of neck. 105 sts. on
needle. =1st row:= *K2. P3. Repeat from * to last 5 sts. K2. P2. K1. =2nd
row:= (right side of work) *K3. P2. Repeat from * to last 5 sts. K3. P1.
K1. Cast off in ribbing.

SLEEVES: Cast on 55 sts. Work 1/2 inch ribbing (K3. P2) as given for
Neckband. =Next row:= *K5. Inc. 1. st. in next st. Repeat from * to last
st. K1. 64 sts. on needle. =Next row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. Continue
even in Stocking st. until sleeve measures 2-1/2 ins. from beginning.

=To shape cap:= *Cast off 2 sts. beginning next 2 rows, then 1. st.
beginning following 2 rows.* Repeat from * to * to 22 sts. on needle. Cast
off.

TO MAKE UP: Sew all seams, except right shoulder. Work 1 row d.c. along
back of right shoulder and 1 row s.c. along front, working 3 chain loops
for buttonholes. Sew buttons to correspond to buttonholes.


THE KNICKERS

FRONT: Beginning at bottom of Right Leg, cast on 43 sts. **=1st row:= K1.
*P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row. Repeat this row for 1/2 inch inc. 1.
st. at end of last row.** Cast on 24 sts. Break wool and leave on st.
holder.

Cast on 43 sts. Repeat from ** to ** inc. 1. st. at beginning instead of
end of last row. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K1. P1. K42. Working across sts. from spare needle, Sl. 1. K1.
p.s.s.o. K20. K2tog. K42. P1. K1. 110 sts. on needle. =2nd row:= K1. P1.
K1. P41. P2tog. P18. P1. Transfer this st. back onto left-hand needle,
insert needle in 2nd st. and pass it over st. just purled, thus decreasing
a stitch. Transfer this st. back onto right-hand needle. (Make all
decreases at this side, on the purl row in this manner). P41. K1. P1. K1.
=3rd row:= K1. P1. K42. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o. K16. K2tog. K42. P1. K1. =4th
row:= K1. P1. K1. P41. P2tog. P14. Dec. 1. st. as before. P41. K1. P1. K1.
Keeping a Moss st. border at each side, continue decreasing in this manner,
having 2 sts. less between decreasing each row, until the decreasings meet.
On the next row purl these 2 sts. together, thus forming a point. 89 sts.
on needle. Keeping a Moss st. border of 3 sts. at each end of needle,
continue even in Stocking st. until work from the 20 cast-on sts. measures
7-1/2 ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--8 ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--9 ins._=)=, ending with
purl row, and inc. 1. st. at end of row. Proceed:-

=To make waistband: 1st row:= (K1. P1) 15 times. K1. (K3. P2) 5 times. K3.
(K1. P1) 15 times. K1. =2nd row:= (K1. P1) 15 times. K1. (P3. K2) 5 times.
P3. (K1. P1) 15 times. K1. Repeat these 2 rows for 1-1/4 ins. =Next row:=
(buttonholes) Work 17 sts. in pattern. Cast off 3 sts. Work in pattern to
last 20 sts. Cast off 3 sts. Work in pattern to end of row. =Next row:=
Work in pattern, casting on sts. in place of cast-off sts. Continue in
pattern until waistband measures 1-3/4 ins. Cast off.

BACK: Work exactly as given for Front, omitting buttonholes in waistband.

SUSPENDERS: (make 2). Cast on 13 sts. Work 14 ins. Moss st. =(=_1-1/2
yrs.--15 ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--16 ins._=)=. Cast off.

TO MAKE UP: Sew all seams. Line shoulder straps with ribbon to prevent
stretching. Sew straps at Back 2-1/4 ins. in from side seams. Sew buttons
to Front ends.

[Illustration: BB Logo]


=GIRL'S OR BOY'S MITTS=--_Illustrated on page 47_

     MATERIALS: =P & B SUPERIOR DOUBLE KNITTING.= 2 ozs. Moss Green.
     One Medium Crochet Hook.

=For Needles and Tension see Legging Suit page 46.=

Cast on 28 sts. =1st row:= K2. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row. Repeat
1st. row 11 times. =13th row:= (eyelets) K2. *Wl. fwd. K2tog. Repeat from *
to end of row. Repeat 1st. row once. =15th row:= Knit. =16th row:= K1. Purl
to last st. K1.

=To make thumb:= K17. Turn. Cast on 1. st. K1. P6. Turn. Cast on 1. st.
Work 6 rows Stocking st. on these 8 sts. =Next row:= (K2tog.) 4 times.
Break wool. Thread end through remaining sts. Draw up and fasten securely.
Sew thumb seam. Join wool to first 11 sts. Pick up and knit 2 sts. at base
of thumb. Knit last 11 sts. 24 sts. on needle. Work 11 rows Stocking st.

=To shape top: 1st row:= *K4. K2tog. Repeat from * to end of row. =2nd and
alternate rows:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. =3rd row:= *K3. K2tog. Repeat
from * to end of row. =5th row:= *K2. K2tog. Repeat from * to end of row.
=7th row:= *K1. K2tog. Repeat from * to end of row. Break wool. Thread end
through remaining sts. Draw up and fasten securely. Sew up seam.

Make another Mitt to correspond. With single wool crochet a cord for each
mitt. Thread through eyelets at wrist. Make and sew a small tassel to each
end.


=(K) BOY'S PULLOVER=--_Illustrated on page 35_

  MATERIALS: =4 ply BEEHIVE FINGERING=. 4 ozs. Yellow No. 2042. 3
  Buttons. One Medium Crochet Hook. One Stitch Holder. One Safety Pin.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:                   =1 yr.=    =1-1/2 yrs.=  =2 yrs.=
  Width all round at underarm     20   ins.   20-1/2 ins.   21 ins.
  Length from top of shoulder     12     "    12-1/2  "     13  "
  Length of sleeve underarm seam   7-1/2 "     8-1/2  "      9  "

PATTERN: =1st row:= K1. *P1. K2. P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row. =2nd
row:= K1. *K1. P2. K1. P1. Repeat from * to last 5 sts. K1. P2. K2. =3rd
row:= K1. *P1. Miss next st. Knit into back of next st. but do not slip off
needle. Knit into front of 1st. st. Slip both sts. off needle together. P1.
K1. Repeat from * to end of row. =4th row:= As 2nd row. These 4 rows
complete one pattern.

FRONT: Cast on 76 sts. Continue even in pattern until work from beginning
measures 8 ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--8-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--9 ins._=)=.

=To shape armholes:= Keeping continuity of pattern, cast off 5 sts.
beginning next 2 rows, then dec. 1. st. each end of needle next and every
alternate row to 56 sts. on needle. Continue even in pattern until armhole
measures 3 ins. from first shaping.

=To shape neck:= Work 21 sts. in pattern. Turn. Working on these 21 sts.
keeping continuity of pattern dec. 1. st. at neck edge every row to 14 sts.
on needle. Continue even until armhole measures 4 ins. from first shaping.

=To shape shoulder:= Keeping continuity of pattern, at armhole edge cast
off 7 sts. every alternate row twice. Leaving next 14 sts. on safety pin,
join wool to remaining 21 sts. and work other shoulder to correspond.

BACK: Omitting neck shaping, work exactly as given for Front until armhole
measures 3-1/2 ins. from first shaping.

=To shape neck:= Work 16 sts. in pattern. Turn. Working on these 16 sts.
dec. 1. st. at neck edge every alternate row twice. Continue even in
pattern until armhole measures 4 ins. from first shaping. Shape shoulder as
given for Front.

Leaving next 24 sts. on st. holder, join wool to remaining 16 sts. and work
other shoulder to correspond.

NECKBAND: Sew left shoulder seam. With right side of work facing, pick up
and knit 7 sts. along right side of neck, knit 24 sts. from st. holder at
Back, pick up and knit 17 sts. along left side of neck, knit 14 sts. from
safety pin at Front and pick up and knit 10 sts. along remainder of neck.
72 sts. on needle. Work 3/4 inch ribbing (K1. P1). Cast off loosely in
ribbing.

SLEEVES: Cast on 36 sts. Continue in pattern inc. 1. st. each end of needle
on 7th and every following 6th row to 56 sts. on needle. Continue even
until sleeve from beginning measures 7-1/2 ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--8-1/2
ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--9 ins._=)=. Keeping continuity of pattern, cast off 2
sts. beginning every row to 24 sts. on needle. Cast off.

TO MAKE UP: Press pieces carefully. Sew all seams excepting right shoulder.
Sew in sleeves. Work 1 row s.c. around shoulder opening, working 3 loops
for buttonholes on Front. Sew buttons to correspond to buttonholes.


=(H) BOY'S PULLOVER= (_Continued from page 43_)

=To shape neck:= K22. Cast off 16 sts. K22. Working on last 22 sts. keeping
armhole edge even, at neck edge dec. 1. st. every row to 16 sts. on needle.
Continue even until armhole measures 4 ins. from first shaping.

=To shape shoulder:= At armhole edge, cast off 8 sts. beginning every
alternate row twice. Join wool at neck edge and work other shoulder to
correspond.

BACK: Work exactly as given for Front.

SLEEVES: Cast on 36 sts. Work 1-1/2 ins. ribbing (K2. P2). Continue in
Stocking st. inc. 1. st. each end of needle on 5th then every following 6th
row to 52 sts. on needle. Continue even until work from beginning measures
7-1/2 ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--8-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--9 ins._=)=. Cast off
2 sts. beginning every row to 16 sts. Cast off.

NECKBAND: Sew Left shoulder seam. Pick up and knit 76 sts. around neck.
Work 3/4 inch ribbing (K2. P2). Cast off in ribbing.

TO MAKE UP: Press all pieces carefully being careful not to flatten the
pattern. Sew all seams. Sew in sleeves. Work 1 row d.c. along shoulder edge
at back. Work 1 row s.c. along Front edge working 3 loops for buttons. Sew
buttons to correspond.


=BOY'S CAP=--_Illustrated (left) page 47_

  MATERIALS: =P & B SUPERIOR DOUBLE KNITTING=. 2 ozs. Moss Green.
  One Button. One Stitch Holder.

=For Needles and Tension see Legging Suit page 46.=

  MEASUREMENTS:          =1 yr.=    =1-1/2 yrs.=     =2 yrs.=
  Width all round brim   14 ins.     14-1/2 ins.      15 ins.

RIGHT EAR FLAP: Cast on 3 sts. =1st row:= Inc. 1. st. in each of the first
2 sts. K1. Knit 5 rows Garter st. =7th row:= K1. (Inc. 1. st. in next st.
K1) twice. Knit 5 rows Garter st. =13th row:= K1. Inc. 1. st. in next st.
Knit to last 3 sts. Inc. 1. st. in next st. K2. Continue inc. 1. st. each
end of needle every following 6th row to 15 sts. on needle. Knit 5 rows
Garter st. Break wool and leave these sts. on st. holder until Left Ear
Flap has been worked.

LEFT EAR FLAP: Cast on 3 sts. =1st row:= Inc. 1. st. in each of first 2
sts. K1. =2nd row:= Knit. =3rd row:= (buttonhole) K2. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K1.
=4th row:= Knit. Continue to correspond to Right Flap to 15 sts. on needle.
Knit 5 rows Garter st. casting on 7 sts. at end of last row. Turn. =Next
row:= Knit across these 22 sts. Cast on 22 sts. Knit across the 15 sts.
from st. holder, casting on 7 sts. at end of row. 66 sts. on needle. Knit 9
rows Garter st. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K6. *Inc. 1. st. in next st. K12. Repeat from * to last 8 sts.
Inc. 1. st. in next st. K7. =2nd row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. 3rd row:
Knit. Repeat 2nd and 3rd rows 8 times. =20th row:= *K5. K2tog. Repeat from
* to last st. K1. =21st and alternate rows:= Knit. =22nd row:= *K4. K2tog.
Repeat from * to last st. K1. =24th row:= *K3. K2tog. Repeat from * to last
st. K1. Continue decreasing in this manner to 21 sts. on needle. =Next
row:= (K2tog.) to last st. K1. Break wool. Run end through remaining sts.
Draw up and fasten securely.

TO MAKE UP: Press carefully. Sew back seam. Sew button to correspond to
buttonhole.

[Illustration: BB Logo]


=GIRL'S OR BOY'S HELMET=--_Illustrated (right) page 47_

  MATERIALS: =P & B SUPERIOR DOUBLE KNITTING=. 2 ozs. Moss Green.
  Two Safety Pins.

=For Needles and Tension see Legging Suit page 46.=

  MEASUREMENTS:       =1 yr.=   =1-1/2 yrs.=  =2 yrs.=
  Width around face   12 ins.    12-1/2 ins.   13 ins.

Cast on 66 sts. =1st row:= K2. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row. Repeat
1st. row 13 times. =15th row:= K2. (P1. K1) 3 times. K50. Slip next 8 sts.
onto safety pin. Turn. =16th row:= K1. P49. Slip next 8 sts. onto safely
pin. Turn. =17th row:= Knit. =18th row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. Repeat
last 2 rows 13 times. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K32. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o. Turn. =2nd row:= P15. Sl. 1. P1.
p.s.s.o. Turn. =3rd row:= K15. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o. Turn. Repeat 2nd and 3rd
rows until all sts. have been worked onto one needle. Break wool.

With right side of work facing, beginning again on the 8 sts. which were
left on safety pin, K2. (P1. K1) 3 times. Pick up and knit 15 sts. from
right side of Helmet. Knit across the 16 sts. which were left on the
needle. Pick up and knit 15 sts. along other side of helmet, and (P1. K1) 4
times across remaining 8 sts. 62 sts. on needle. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K2. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row. Repeat 1st. row 7
times. Cast off.

TO MAKE UP: Press carefully. Join ribbing together to form a neckband.


=GIRL'S OR BOY'S LEGGING SUIT= with Pixie Hood.

  MATERIALS: =P & B SUPERIOR DOUBLE KNITTING=. 10 ozs. Moss
  Green. Two No. 8 Beehive Knitting Needles for sizes 1 and 1-1/2 yrs.
  For size 2 yrs. two No. 7 Needles. 4 Buttons. Length of elastic.
  One Medium Crochet Hook.

  MEASUREMENTS:                    =1 yr.=    =1-1/2 yrs.=   =2 yrs.=
  =Coat:=
  Width all round at underarm     21    ins.  21-1/2 ins.   22    ins.
  Length from top of shoulder     12     "    12-1/2  "     13     "
  Length of sleeve underarm seam   7-1/2 "     8-1/2  "      9     "
  =Leggings:=
  Length of Front seam             8-1/2 "     9      "      9-1/2 "
  Length of Leg seam              10     "    11      "     11-1/2 "

Tension: 5 sts. and 7 rows = 1 inch with No. 8 needles.
     4-1/2 sts. and 6 rows = 1 inch with No. 7 needles.

=The instructions are written for size 1 yr. For size 1-1/2 yrs. use same
size needles and follow same instructions. Stretch to required measurements
when blocking. For size 2 yrs. use No. 7 needles and follow same
instructions.=

=GIRL'S COAT=--RIGHT FRONT: Cast on 28 sts. Knit 7 rows Garter st. =8th
row:= K6. *Inc. 1. st. in next st. K8. Repeat from * once. K4. =9th row:=
K1. Purl to last 6 sts. K6. =10th row:= Knit. Repeat 9th and 10th rows 5
times. Proceed:-

**=1st row:= K1. Purl to last 11 sts. K11. =2nd row:= Knit. =3rd row:= K1.
Purl to last 12 sts. K12. =4th row:= Knit. =5th row:= K1. Purl to last 13
sts. K13. =6th row:= (1st. buttonhole) K2. Wl. fwd. K2tog. Knit to end of
row. Repeat 3rd and 4th rows once, 1st. row once. =10th row:= Knit. =11th
row:= K1. Purl to last 6 sts. K6. Repeat 10th and 11th rows 3 times, 10th
row once.** Repeat from ** to ** once.

=To shape armhole:= Keeping continuity of pattern, and working 2 more
buttonholes 18 rows apart, at armhole edge cast off 3 sts. once, then dec.
1. st. every alternate row to 22 sts. on needle. Continue in pattern until
armhole measures 3-1/2 ins. from first shaping.

=To shape neck:= At neck edge cast off 8 sts. once, then dec. 1. st next
and every following row to 10 sts. on needle. Continue even until armhole
measures 4 ins. from first shaping. Cast off.

LEFT FRONT: Cast on 28 sts. Knit 7 rows Garter st. =8th row:= K3. *Inc. 1.
st. in next st. K8. Repeat from * once. K7. =9th row:= K6. Purl to last.
st. K1. =10th row:= Knit. Repeat 9th and 10th rows 5 times. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K11. Purl to last st. K1. =2nd and alternate rows:= Knit. =3rd
row:= K12. Purl to last st. K1. =5th row:= K13. Purl to last st. K1. =6th
row:= Knit. Keeping continuity of Border pattern, omitting buttonholes,
continue to correspond to Right Front, being careful to have all shapings
for opposite side.

BACK: Cast on 48 sts. Knit 7 rows Garter st. =8th row:= K10. *Inc. 1. st.
in next st. K8. Repeat from * to last 2 sts. K2. =9th row:= K1. Purl to
last st. K1. Continue even in Stocking st. until work measures same as
Fronts to armhole, ending with purl row.

=To shape armholes:= Cast off 3 sts. beginning next 2 rows, then dec. 1.
st. each end of needle next and every alternate row to 38 sts. on needle.
Continue even until armhole measures 4 ins. from first shaping, ending with
purl row. Cast off.

SLEEVES: Cast on 20 sts. Knit 9 rows Garter st. =10th row:= *K1. Inc. 1.
st. in next st. Repeat from * to end of row. 30 sts. on needle. =11th row:=
K1. Purl to last st. K1. Continue in Stocking st. inc. 1. st. each end of
needle every following 4th row to 40 sts. on needle. Continue even until
sleeve from beginning measures 7-1/2 ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--8-1/2 ins._=)=
=(=_2 yrs.--9 ins._=)=, ending with purl row. Continue in Stocking st.
casting off 2 sts. beginning every row to 12 sts. Cast off.

COLLAR: Cast on 12 sts. Knit 8-1/2 ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--9 ins._=)= =(=_2
yrs.--9-1/2 ins._=)= Garter st. Cast off.

=BOY'S COAT:= Work from instructions given for Girl's Coat, but working
buttonholes on Left Front instead of Right Front.


=GIRL'S PIXIE HOOD=

  MATERIALS: =P & B SUPERIOR DOUBLE KNITTING.= 2 ozs. Moss Green.

=For Needles and Tension see Legging Suit next column.=

  MEASUREMENTS:                       =1 yr.=    =1-1/2 yrs.=  =2 yrs.=
  Length from lower edge of scarf
  to top of head                     8-1/4 ins.   8-1/2 ins.   9     ins.
  Width across (when folded)         6      "     6-1/4  "     6-1/2  "

THE HOOD: Cast on 31 sts. =1st row:= Knit. =2nd row:= K1. Purl to last 7
sts. K7. Repeat these 2 rows 7 times, then 1st. row once. **=18th row:= K1.
Purl to last 12 sts. K12. =19th row:= Knit. =20th row:= K1. Purl to last 13
sts. K13. =21st row:= As 19th row. =22nd row:= K1. Purl to last 14 sts.
K14. Repeat 19th and 20th rows once, 19th row once, 18th row once. =27th
row:= Knit. =28th row:= K1. Purl to last 7 sts. K7. Repeat 27th and 28th
rows 4 times, 27th row once.**

Repeat from ** to ** twice, the 28th row once, 27th and 28th rows 3 times,
27th row once. Cast off.

THE TIE: Cast on 2 sts. =1st row:= Inc. 1. st. in each st. =2nd row:= Knit.
Continue in Garter st. inc. 1. st. each end of needle next and every
alternate row to 12 sts. on needle. Work 19 ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--20
ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--21 ins._=)= even in Garter st. Decrease to correspond
to increasing at other end.

TO MAKE UP: Press carefully. Fold the hood and sew up back seam. Sew to
centre 9 ins. of the tie.


=LEGGING SUIT= (_Continued_)

LEGGINGS: Cast on 110 sts. =1st row:= K2. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of
row. Repeat 1st. row once. =3rd row:= (eyelets) K2. *Wl. fwd. K2tog. P1.
K1. Repeat from * to end of row. Repeat 1st. row 7 times.

=To shape back:= K61. Turn. =2nd row:= P12. Turn. =3rd row:= K18. Turn.
=4th row:= P24. Turn. Continue in this manner, that is working over 6 more
sts. every row to P96. Turn. =Next row:= Knit. =Next row:= K1. Purl to last
st. K1. Continue in Stocking st. inc. 1. st. each end of needle next and
every following 8th row to 116 sts. on needle. Continue even until work, at
side edge, measures 8-1/2 ins. =(=_1-1/2 yrs.--9 ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--9-1/2
ins._=)= ending with knit row. =Next row:= K1. P57. Turn. Leave remaining
sts. on spare needle. Working on these 58 sts. proceed for leg:-

=1st row:= K1. K2tog. Knit to last 3 sts. K2tog. K1. =2nd row:= K1. Purl to
last st. K1. Continue in Stocking st. dec. 1. st. each end of needle next
and every following 4th row to 34 sts. on needle, then every following 5th
row to 28 sts. Continue even until leg seam measures 9-1/2 ins. =(=_1-1/2
yrs.--10-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--11 ins._=)= ending with knit row.
Proceed:-

=1st row:= K5. P8. K15. =2nd row:= Knit. =3rd row:= Cast off 3 sts. K2. P8.
K15. =4th row:= Cast off 13 sts. Knit to end of row. =5th row:= K2. P8. K2.
=6th row:= Knit. Repeat 5th and 6th rows 3 times, then 5th row once. =14th
row:= K2. K2tog. K4. K2tog. K2. =15th row:= K2. P6. K2. =16th row:= (K2.
K2tog.) twice. K2. =17th row:= Knit. =18th row:= K1. K2tog. K2. K2tog. K1.
Cast off knitways.

Join wool and work on remaining 58 sts. as follows:- =1st row:= K1. Purl to
last st. K1. =2nd row:= K1. K2tog. Knit to last 3 sts. K2tog. K1. Continue
to correspond to other leg until leg seam measures 9-1/2 ins. =(=_1-1/2
yrs.--10-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_2 yrs.--11 ins._=)= ending with knit row. 28 sts.
on needle. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K15. P8. K5. =2nd row:= Knit. =3rd row:= Cast off 13 sts. K2.
P8. K5. =4th row:= Cast off 3 sts. Knit to end of row. =5th row:= K2. P8.
K2. =6th row:= Knit. Repeat 5th and 6th rows 3 times, then 5th row once.
=14th row:= K2. K2tog. K4. K2tog. K2. =15th row:= K2. P6. K2. =16th row:=
(K2. K2tog.) twice. K2. =17th row:= Knit. =18th row:= K1. K2tog. K2. K2tog.
K1. Cast off knitways.

TO MAKE UP: Press all pieces carefully. Sew all seams. Sew collar around
neck of coat, placing ends 2 sts. from each front edge. Sew buttons to
correspond to buttonholes. Crochet a cord. Thread through eyelets at waist
of leggings. Make and sew a tassel to each end. Sew a piece of elastic to
each foot at instep.


_Heigh Ho!_

[Illustration: Boy's Cap--_See page 45._ Legging Suit with Pixie Hood--_See
page 46._ Girl's or Boy's Helmet--_See page 45._ Mitts--_See page 44._]


_Socks for Tots_

[Illustration: (A)--_See page 49._ (B)--_See below._ (C)--_See page 49._
(D)--_See page 49._]


(=B=) =DIAMOND SOCKS=

  MATERIALS: =3 ply BEEHIVE FINGERING.= 1 oz. White (W). 1/4 oz. each
  Pink No. 2019 (P) and Blue No. 188 (B). 5 yds. each Yellow No. 2042 (Y)
  and Mauve No. 554 (M). Set of 4 No. 13 "Aero"
  Steel Knitting Needles (points at both ends), for sizes 1 and 1-1/2 yrs.
  For size 2 yrs. use No. 12 needles.

  MEASUREMENTS: Length of leg to bottom of heel flap 6 ins.

  Tension: 9-1/2 sts. and 13 rows = l inch with No. 13 needles.
           9     "    "   11   "  = 1   "   "   No. 12  "

Wind (W), (P) and (B) into 2 balls. Cut each of (Y) and (M) in half for the
diagonal stripes.

With (W) and 2 needles cast on 48 sts. Work 1-1/2 ins. ribbing (K2. P2),
dec. 1. st. at end of last row. Proceed in pattern as follows (being
careful to twist wool when changing colours, using separate ball of wool
for each diamond and separate strand of wool for each diagonal stripe):-

**=1st row:= K1(B). 10(W). 1(Y). 1(M). 10(W). 1(P). Joining 2nd balls and
strands of wool, K10(W). 1(M). 1(Y). 10(W). 1(B).

=2nd row:= K1. P1(B). 8(W). 1(Y). 2(W). 1(M). 8(W). 3(P). 8(W). 1(M). 2(W).
1(Y). 8(W). 1(B). K1(B).

=3rd row:= K3(B). 6(W). 1(Y). 4(W). 1(M). 6(W). 5(P). 6(W). 1(M). 4(W).
1(Y). 6(W). 3(B).

=4th row:= K1. P3(B). 4(W). 1(Y). 6(W). 1(M). 4(W). 7(P). 4(W). 1(M). 6(W).
1(Y). 4(W). 3(B). K1(B).

=5th row:= K5(B). 2(W). 1(Y). 8(W). 1(M). 2(W). 9(P). 2(W). 1(M). 8(W).
1(Y). 2(W). 5(B).

=6th row:= K1. P5(B). 1(Y). 10(W). 1(M). 11(P). 1(M). 10(W). 1(Y). 5(B).
K1(B).

=7th row:= K5(B). 1(Y). 1(B). 10(W). 1(P). 1(M). 9(P). 1(M). 1(P). 10(W).
1(B). 1(Y). 5(B).

=8th row:= K1. P3(B). 1(Y). 3(B). 8(W). 3(P). 1(M). 7(P). 1(M). 3(P). 8(W).
3(B). 1(Y). 3(B). K1(B).

=9th row:= K3(B). 1(Y). 5(B). 6(W). 5(P). l(M). 5(P). 1(M). 5(P). 6(W).
5(B). 1(Y). 3(B).

=10th row:= K1. P1(B). 1(Y). 7(B). 4(W). 7(P). 1(M). 3(P). 1(M). 7(P).
4(W). 7(B). 1(Y). 1(B). K1(B).

=11th row:= K1(B). 1(Y). 9(B). 2(W). 9(P). 1(M). 1(P). 1(M). 9(P). 2(W).
9(B). 1(Y). 1(B).

=12th row:= K1(Y). P11(B). 11(P). 1(M). 11(P). 11(B). K1(Y). Work back from
11th to 1st. rows inclusive.** Repeat from ** to ** substituting (P) for
(B), (M) for (Y), (B) for (P), (Y) for (M) and purl rows for knit rows and
knit rows for purl rows. Proceed:-

Put first 12 sts. onto one needle. Slip last 12 sts. onto 2nd needle. Leave
these 2 needles for heel, and remaining 23 sts. on one needle for instep.
Working on the 23 instep sts. proceed:-

=1st row:= K1(M). 10(W). 1(P). 10(W). 1(M). =2nd row:= K1(W). P1(M). 8(W).
3(P). 8(W). 1(M). K1(W). Work 1 complete (P) diamond with (M) diagonal
stripes to correspond to first whole (P) diamond worked. Leave these sts.
on needle until sole has been worked.

=To make heel:= Put all heel sts. onto one needle. With wrong side of work
facing, join (W) wool. K1. P10. P2tog. P10. K1. 23 sts. on needle. =1st
row:= Knit. =2nd row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. Repeat these 2 rows 7
times.

=To shape heel:= K12. Sl.1. K1. p.s.s.o. K1. Turn. P3. P2tog. P1. Turn. K4.
Sl.1. K1. p.s.s.o. K1. Turn. P5. P2tog. P1. Turn. Continue in this manner
until all sts. are worked. 13 sts. on needle. Break wool.

=To shape instep and sole:= With right side of work facing and (W) wool,
pick up and knit 10 sts. along side of heel. Knit the 13 sts. from heel
needle and pick up and knit 10 sts. along other side of heel. =1st row:=
K1. Purl to last st. K1. =2nd row:= K1. K2tog. Knit to last 3 sts. Sl.1.
K1. p.s.s.o. K1. Repeat these 2 rows to 21 sts. on needle. Continue even in
Stocking st. until work measures same as instep piece. Divide sole sts. on
2 needles leaving instep sts. on one needle. Using (W) wool, working in
rounds on 3 needles, continue even until work, from where sts. were picked
up at heel, measures

  2-1/2 ins. for size 4-1/2   3 ins. for size 5   3-1/2 ins. for size 5-1/2

=To shape toe:= =1st round:= K8. *K7. K2tog. Repeat from * to end of round.
=2nd and alternate rounds:= Knit. =3rd round:= *K6. K2tog. Repeat from * to
end of round. =5th round:= *K5. K2tog. Repeat from * to end of round.
Continue decreasing in this manner to 10 sts. in round. =Next round:=
*K2tog. Repeat from * to end of round. Break wool. Thread end through
remaining sts. Draw up and fasten securely. Sew seams.


(=A=) =LACEY SOCKS=--_Illustrated on page 48_

     MATERIALS: =3 ply BEEHIVE NON-SHRINK BABY WOOL=. 1 oz.

=For Needles, Measurements and Tension, see Diamond Socks, page 48.=

PATTERN: =1st round:= *P1. K2. P1. K2tog. Wl. fwd. K1. Wl. fwd. Sl. 1. K1.
p.s.s.o. Repeat from * to end of round. =2nd round:= *P1. K2. P1. K5.
Repeat from * to end of round. =3rd round:= As 1st. round. =4th round:=
*P1. Miss next st. Knit into back of next st. but do not slip off needle.
Knit into front of 1st. st. Slip both sts. off needle together. P1. K5.
Repeat from * to end of round. These 4 rounds complete one pattern.

Cast on 44 sts. (16. 16. 12). Work 2 ins. ribbing (K1. P1) inc. 1. st. in
last round. Rearrange sts. as follows:- (18. 18. 9). Continue even in
pattern until work measures approx. 5 ins. from beginning ending with 4th
pattern round.

=To make heel:= Knit the first 22 sts. of round for heel. Divide remaining
23 sts. on 2 needles and leave for instep. =1st row:= K1. Purl to last st.
K1. =2nd row:= Knit. Repeat these 2 rows 7 times, 1st. row once.

=To shape heel:= K12. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o. K1. Turn. P4. P2tog. P1. Turn.
K5. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o. K1. Turn. P6. P2tog. P1. Turn. Continue in this
manner until all sts. are worked. 12 sts. on needle. Knit back 6 sts. Put
instep sts. on one needle.

=To shape instep:= =1st needle:= Knit remaining 6 heel sts. Pick up and
knit 10 sts. along side of heel. =2nd needle:= (instep needle, to be worked
to the toe in pattern). *K2tog. Wl. fwd. K1. Wl. fwd. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o.
P1. K2. P1. Repeat from * once. K2tog. Wl. fwd. K1. Wl. fwd. Sl. 1. K1.
p.s.s.o. =3rd needle:= Pick up and knit 10 sts. along other side of heel.
Knit remaining 6 heel sts. Proceed:-

=1st round:= =1st needle:= Knit. =2nd needle:= (K5. P1. K2. P1) twice. K5.
=3rd needle:= Knit. =2nd round:= =1st needle:= Knit to last 3 sts. K2tog.
K1. =2nd needle:= (K2tog. Wl. fwd. K1. Wl. fwd. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o. P1. K2.
P1) twice. K2tog. Wl. fwd. K1. Wl. fwd. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o. =3rd needle:=
K1. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o. Knit to end of needle. Keeping continuity of
pattern on 2nd needle, at the instep end of each of the 1st. and 3rd
needles continue dec. 1. st. every alternate row, until there are 11 sts.
on each of 1st. and 3rd needles. Still working the 2nd needle in pattern
continue even until work, from where sts. were picked up at heel measures

    2-1/2 ins. for size 4-1/2   3 ins. for size 5 3-1/2 ins. for size 5-1/2

dec. 1. st. in last round. Shape toe as given for Diamond Socks, see page
48.

[Illustration: BB Logo]


(=C=) =PLAIN SOCKS=--_Illustrated on page 48_

     MATERIALS: =3 ply BEEHIVE FINGERING=. 1 oz.

=For Needles, Measurements and Tension, See Diamond Socks, page 48.=

Cast on 44 sts. (16. 16. 12). Work 2 ins. ribbing (K1. P1). Knit even in
rounds until work measures 5 ins. from beginning.

***=To make heel:= Knit first 11 sts. of round onto one needle. Slip last
11 sts. of round onto other end of same needle. Divide remaining 22 sts. on
2 needles and leave for instep. =1st row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. =2nd
row:= Knit. Repeat these 2 rows 7 times, 1st. row once. Shape heel as given
for Lacey Socks. (A), then keeping 2nd needle in plain knitting instead of
pattern, shape instep as given for Lacey Socks. Continue even in plain
knitting until work, from where sts. were picked up at heel measures

  2-1/2 ins. for size 4-1/2   3 ins. for size 5   3-1/2 ins. for size 5-1/2

Shape toe as given for Diamond Socks, see page 48.***


(=D=) =PLAIN ANKLE SOCKS=

  MATERIALS: =3 ply BEEHIVE FINGERING=. 1 oz.

=For Needles and Tension, see Diamond Socks page 48.=

  MEASUREMENTS: Length of leg to bottom of heel flap 4-1/2 ins.

Cast on 44 sts. (16. 16. 12). Work 2-1/2 ins. ribbing (K1. P1). Knit even
in rounds until work measures 3-1/2 ins. from beginning, then work from ***
to *** as given for Plain Socks, (C), above.

[Illustration: BB Logo]


(=F=) =BABY'S PANTIES=--_Illustrated on page 3_

  MATERIALS: =3 ply BEEHIVE NON-SHRINK BABY WOOL=. 2 ozs. Two No.
  11 Beehive Knitting Needles. One Medium Crochet Hook.

  MEASUREMENTS: Length from top to lower edge at centre, 8-1/2 ins.

  Tension: 8-1/2 sts. and 10 rows = 1 inch.

Cast on 72 sts. =1st row:= *K2. P2. Repeat from * to end of row. Repeat
1st. row twice. =4th row:= (eyelets) *K2. w.r.n. P2tog. Repeat from * to
end of row. Repeat 1st. row 8 times. Continue even in Garter st. until work
measures 6-1/2 ins. from beginning. Proceed:-

=To make leg:= =1st row:= K18. Turn. =2nd row:= K1. K2tog Knit to end of
row. =3rd row:= K14. K2tog. K1. =4th row:= As 2nd row. Continue decreasing
in this manner until 1. st. remains. Fasten off. Beginning again on
remaining sts. knit to end of row. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K15. K2tog. K1. Turn. =2nd row:= K1. K2tog. Knit to end of row.
=3rd row:= K13. K2tog. K1. =4th row:= As 2nd row. Continue decreasing in
this manner to 1. st. Fasten off. Continuing on remaining 36 sts. knit 11
rows even. Inc. 1. st. each end of needle next and every alternate row to
72 sts. Work 6-1/2 ins. even. Work ribbing and eyelets to correspond to
Front.

TO MAKE UP: Sew all seams. With double wool crochet a cord. Thread through
eyelets at waist. Make and sew a small tassel to each end.

[Illustration: BB Logo]


=LADY'S JACKET=--"=ROBERTA="

  with Short and Long Sleeves.

  MATERIALS: =4 ply BEEHIVE FINGERING=. 8 ozs. Pink No. 2019. 2 ozs.
  extra for long sleeves. Two Buttons. Three Stitch Holders.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:               =Bust=   =34 ins.=  =36 ins.=  =38 ins.=
  Length from top of shoulder           16 "       17 "       17-1/2 "
  Length of short sleeve underarm seam   7 "        7 "        7     "
  Length of long sleeve underarm seam   17 "       17 "       17     "

RIGHT FRONT: Cast on 71 sts. Knit 7 rows Garter st. Proceed: =1st row:=
K32. *Wl. fwd. K6. Repeat from * to last 3 sts. Wl. fwd. K3. =2nd row:= K1.
Purl to last 28 sts. K28. =3rd row:= K28. K2tog. *K2. Wl. fwd. K2. K3tog.
Repeat from * to last 6 sts. K2. Wl. fwd. K2. K2tog. =4th row:= K1. Purl to
last 28 sts. K28. These 4 rows complete one pattern. Keeping border of 28
sts. in Garter st. continue even in pattern until work from beginning
measures 5 ins. ending at Front edge. =Next row:= (buttonhole). K6. Cast
off 2 sts. Work in pattern to end of row. =Next row:= Work in pattern to
cast-off sts. Cast on 2 sts. K6. Continue in pattern until work from
beginning measures approx. 9 ins. =(=_36--9-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_38--10
ins._=)= ending with 4th pattern row.

=To shape armhole:= =1st row:= K32. *Wl. fwd. K8. Repeat from * to last 21
sts. Wl. fwd. K21. =2nd row:= Cast off 18 sts. Purl to last 28 sts. K28.
Still keeping Garter st. border continue even in pattern until armhole from
first shaping measures 7 ins. =(=_36--7-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_38--7-1/2
ins._=)=.

=To shape shoulder:= At armhole edge cast off 9 sts. every alternate row
once, then 8 sts. twice. Leave remaining 28 sts. on st. holder.

LEFT FRONT: Cast on 71 sts. Knit 7 rows Garter st. Proceed: =1st row:= K4.
*Wl. fwd. K6. Repeat from * to last 31 sts. Wl. fwd. K31. =2nd row:= K28.
Purl to last st. K1. =3rd row:= K2tog. *K2. Wl. fwd. K2. K3tog. Repeat from
* to last 34 sts. K2. Wl. fwd. K2. K2tog. K28. =4th row:= K28. Purl to last
st. K1. Working buttonhole as for Right Front, continue even in pattern
until work from beginning measures approx. 9 ins. =(=_36--9-1/2 ins._=)=
=(=_38--10 ins._=)= ending with 4th pattern row.

=To shape armhole:= =1st row:= Cast off 18 sts. K4. *Wl. fwd. K6. Repeat
from * to last 31 sts. Wl. fwd. K31. Continue in pattern working to
correspond to Right Front being careful to have shapings for opposite side.
Leave remaining 28 sts. on 2nd st. holder.

BACK: Cast on 115 sts. Knit 7 rows Garter st. Proceed:- =1st row:= K4. *Wl.
fwd. K6. Repeat from * to last 3 sts. Wl. fwd. K3. =2nd row:= K1. Purl to
last st. K1. =3rd row:= K2tog. *K2. Wl. fwd. K2. K3tog. Repeat from * to
last 6 sts. K2. Wl. fwd. K2. K2tog. =4th row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1.
These 4 rows complete one pattern. Continue even in pattern until work from
beginning measures approx. 9 ins. =(=_36--9-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_38--10
ins._=)= ending with 4th pattern row.

=To shape armholes:= =1st row:= Cast off 18 sts. K4. *Wl. fwd. K6. Repeat
from * to last 21 sts. Wl. fwd. K21. =2nd row:= Cast off 18 sts. Purl to
last st. K1. Continue even in pattern until armhole from first shaping
measures 7 ins. =(=_36--7-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_38--7-1/2 ins._=)=.

=To shape shoulders:= Keeping continuity of pattern cast off 9 sts.
beginning next 2 rows, then 8 sts. beginning following 4 rows. Leave
remaining 29 sts. on 3rd st. holder. Sew shoulder seams. With right side of
work facing, join wool and knit across sts. from 1st. st. holder. Pick up
and knit 1. st. from shoulder seam. Knit across 29 Back sts. (3rd st.
holder). Pick up and knit 1. st. from shoulder seam. Knit across sts. from
remaining (2nd) st. holder. 87 sts. on needle. Knit 5 rows Garter st. Cast
off 29 sts. knitways, 29 sts. purl ways, 29 sts. knitways.

SHORT SLEEVES: Cast on 91 sts. Knit 6 rows Garter st. =7th row:= (K6. Inc.
1. st. in next st.) 12 times. K7. 103 sts. on needle. Continue even in
pattern as given for Back until sleeve measures approx. 9-1/2 ins. ending
with 4th pattern row. Cast off.

LONG SLEEVES: Cast on 71 sts. Knit 6 rows Garter st. =7th row:= K3. (K1.
Inc. 1. st. in next st.) 32 times. K4. 103 sts. on needle. Continue even in
pattern as given for Back until sleeve measures approx. 19-1/2 ins. ending
with 4th pattern row. Cast off.

TO MAKE UP: Press pieces carefully. Sew side seams. Sew up sleeve to within
2-1/2 ins. of top. Sew in sleeves. Make a link for the buttons and insert
in buttonholes.


=BABY'S JACKET=--"=BOB="

  MATERIALS: =4 ply BEEHIVE FINGERING=. 3 ozs. Pink No. 2019. Two Buttons.
  One Stitch Holder. Two Safety Pins.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:                     =3 mos.=     =6 mos.=    =9 mos.=
  Width all round at underarm      18     ins.  19     ins. 19-1/2 ins.
  Length from top of shoulder       9-1/2  "    10-1/2  "   10-1/2  "
  Length of sleeve underarm seam    5-1/2  "     6      "    7      "

RIGHT FRONT: Cast on 33 sts. Knit 5 rows Garter st. Proceed:- =1st row:=
K18. *Wl. fwd. K6. Repeat from * to last 3 sts. Wl. fwd. K3. =2nd row:= K1.
Purl to last 14 sts. K14. =3rd row:= K14. K2tog. *K2. Wl. fwd. K2. K3tog.
Repeat from * to last 6 sts. K2. Wl. fwd. K2. K2tog. =4th row:= K1. Purl to
last 14 sts. K14. These 4 rows complete one pattern. Keeping border of 14
sts. in Garter st. continue even in pattern until work measures 4 ins. from
beginning ending at Front edge. =Next row:= (buttonhole). K2. Wl. fwd.
K2tog. Work in pattern to end of row. Continue even in pattern until work
from beginning measures approx. 6-1/2 ins. =(=_6 mos.--7 ins._=)= =(=_9
mos.--7 ins._=)= ending with 4th pattern row.

=To shape armhole:= =1st row:= K18. *Wl. fwd. K6. Repeat from * to last 9
sts. Wl. fwd. K9. =2nd row:= Cast off 6 sts. Purl to last 14 sts. K14.
Continue even in pattern until armhole from first shaping measures 3 ins.
=(=_6 mos.--3-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--3-1/2 ins._=)=.

=To shape shoulder:= At armhole edge cast off 7 sts. every alternate row
once, then 6 sts. once. Leave remaining 14 sts. on safety pin.

LEFT FRONT: Cast on 33 sts. Knit 5 rows Garter st. Proceed: =1st row:= K4.
*Wl. fwd. K6. Repeat from * to last 17 sts. Wl. fwd. K17. =2nd row:= K14.
Purl to last st. K1. =3rd row:= K2tog. *K2. Wl. fwd. K2. K3tog. Repeat from
* to last 20 sts. K2. Wl. fwd. K2. K2tog. K14. =4th row:= K14. Purl to last
st. K1. These 4 rows complete one pattern. Keeping border of 14 sts. in
Garter st. continue even in pattern until work measures 4 ins. from
beginning ending at Front edge. =Next row:= (buttonhole). K2. Wl. fwd.
K2tog. K10. Purl to last st. K1. Continue even in pattern until work from
beginning measures approx. 6-1/2 ins. =(=_6 mos.--7 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--7
ins._=)= ending with 4th pattern row.

=To shape armhole:= Cast off 6 sts. K4. *Wl. fwd. K4. Repeat from * to last
17 sts. Wl. fwd. K17. Continue in pattern, working to correspond to Right
Front being careful to have shapings for opposite side.

BACK: Cast on 61 sts. Knit 5 rows Garter st. Proceed:- =1st row:= K4. *Wl.
fwd. K6. Repeat from * to last 3 sts. Wl. fwd. K3. =2nd row:= K1. Purl to
last st. K1. =3rd row:= K2tog. *K2. Wl. fwd. K2. K3tog. Repeat from * to
last 6 sts. K2. Wl. fwd. K2. K2tog. =4th row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1.
These 4 rows complete one pattern. Continue even in pattern until work from
beginning measures approx. 6-1/2 ins. =(=_6 mos.--7 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--7
ins._=)= ending with 4th pattern row.

=To shape armholes:= =1st row:= Cast off 6 sts. K4. *Wl. fwd. K6. Repeat
from * to last 9 sts. Wl. fwd. K9. =2nd row:= Cast off 6 sts. Purl to last
st. K1. Continue even in pattern until armhole from first shaping measures
3 ins. =(=_6 mos.--3-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--3-1/2 ins._=)=.

=To shape shoulders:= Keeping continuity of pattern cast off 7 sts.
beginning next 2 rows, then 6 sts. beginning following 2 rows. Leave
remaining 23 sts. on st. holder.

Sew shoulder seams. With right side of work facing, join wool and knit 14
sts. left at Right Front. Pick up and knit 1. st. from shoulder seam. Knit
across 23 sts. of Back. Pick up and knit 1. st. from shoulder seam. Knit 14
sts. left at Left Front. 53 sts. on needle. Knit 3 rows Garter st. Cast off
15 sts. knitways, 23 sts. purl ways, 15 sts. knitways.

SLEEVES: Cast on 30 sts. Knit 4 rows Garter st. =5th row:= K1. (Inc. 1. st.
in next st. K3) 7 times. K1. 37 sts. on needle. Continue even in pattern as
given for Back until sleeve measures approx. 6-1/2 ins. =(=_6 mos.--7
ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--8 ins._=)= ending with 4th pattern row. Cast off.

TO MAKE UP: Press pieces carefully. Sew side seams. Sew 5-1/2 ins. =(=_6
mos.--6 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--7 ins._=)= of sleeve. Sew in sleeves. Make a
link for the buttons and insert in buttonholes.

[Illustration: _=Special Supplement=_ _=Ladies' and Babies' Bedjackets=_
=Lady's Jacket=--"=Roberta="--_See page 50._ =Baby's Jacket=--"=Bob="--_See
page 50._]


=LADY'S JACKET=--"=PAMELA="

  MATERIALS: =MISS CANADA CROCHET-KNITTING WOOL=. 8 ozs. Chalk Green.
  One Button.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:          =Bust=  =34     ins.=   =36 ins.=  =38     ins.=
  Length from top of shoulder     18-1/2  "       19  "      19      "
  Length of sleeve underarm seam   6-1/2  "        7  "       7-1/2  "

RIGHT FRONT: Cast on 60 sts. Knit 9 rows Garter st. =10th row:= K10. *Inc.
1. st. in next st. K7. Repeat from * to last 2 sts. K2. 66 sts. on needle.
Proceed:-

=1st row:= K1. Purl to last 10 sts. K10. =2nd row:= K10. K2tog. t.b.l. K1.
*Wl. fwd. Knit the next st. knitting into the st. of the previous row. (The
working of this st. will be termed "knit below" throughout). Wl. fwd. K1.
K3tog. K1. Repeat from * to last 5 sts. Wl. fwd. Knit below. Wl. fwd. K1.
K2tog. K1. =3rd row:= K1. Purl to last 10 sts. K10. =4th row:= Knit. These
4 rows complete one pattern. Continue even in pattern until work measures
9-1/2 ins. from beginning, ending at Front edge. =Next row:= (buttonhole)
K4. Cast off 2 sts. K4. Work in pattern to end of row. =Next row:= Work to
cast-off sts. Cast on 2 sts. K4. Continue even in pattern until work
measures approx. 11 ins. from beginning, ending with 2nd pattern row, and
casting on 47 sts. at end of row for sleeve. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K6. Purl to last 10 sts. K10. =2nd row:= Knit. =3rd row:= K6.
Purl to last 11 sts. K11. =4th row:= K13. *Knit below. Wl. fwd. K1. K3tog.
K1. Wl. fwd. Repeat from * to last 10 sts. Knit below. Wl. fwd. K1. K2tog.
K6. =5th row:= K6. Purl to last 11 sts. K11. =6th row:= Knit. Continue in
this manner, knitting 1 more Garter st. for lapel on next and every
following 4th row, leaving 1 less pattern st. at Front edge, until there
are 30 Garter sts. for lapel. Continue even in pattern until sleeve is
approx. 7-1/2 ins. wide, =(=_36--8 ins._=)= =(=_38--8 ins._=)=, ending at
sleeve edge with 2nd row. =Next row:= Cast off 6 sts. knitways, then 107
sts. purl ways.

LEFT FRONT: Cast on 60 sts. Knit 9 rows Garter st. =10th row:= (K7. Inc. 1.
st. in next st.) 6 times. K12. 66 sts. on needle. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K10. Purl to last st. K1. =2nd row:= K1. K2tog. t.b.l. K1. *Wl.
fwd. Knit below. Wl. fwd. K1. K3tog. K1. Repeat from * to last 14 sts. Wl.
fwd. Knit below. Wl. fwd. K1. K2tog. K10. =3rd row:= K10. Purl to last st.
K1. =4th row:= Knit. These 4 rows complete one pattern. Continue even in
pattern until work measures 11 ins. from beginning ending with 3rd pattern
row, casting on 47 sts. at end of row for sleeve. Proceed:-

=1st row:= Knit. =2nd row:= K11. Purl to last 6 sts. K6. =3rd row:= K6.
K2tog. t.b.l. K1. *Wl. fwd. Knit below. Wl. fwd. K1. K3tog. K1. Repeat from
* to last 14 sts. Wl. fwd. Knit below. K13. =4th row:= K11. Purl to last 6
sts. K6. =5th row:= Knit. Continue to correspond to Right Front, until
sleeve is same depth, ending with 2nd row. =Next row:= Cast off 107 sts.
purl ways, 6 sts. knitways.

BACK: Cast on 108 sts. Knit 9 rows Garter st. =10th row:= *K6. Inc. 1. st.
in next st. K5. Repeat from * to end of row. 117 sts. on needle. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. =2nd row:= K1. K2tog. t.b.l. K1. *Wl.
fwd. Knit below. Wl. fwd. K1. K3tog. K1. Repeat from * to last 5 sts. Wl.
fwd. Knit below. Wl. fwd. K1. K2tog. K1. =3rd row:= K1. Purl to last st.
K1. =4th row:= Knit. These 4 rows complete one pattern. Continue even in
pattern until work measures approx. 11 ins. from beginning ending with 2nd
pattern row and casting on 47 sts. at end of row for sleeve. =Next row:=
K6. Purl to end of row. Cast on 47 sts. for other sleeve. Proceed:-

**=1st row:= Knit. =2nd row:= K6. Purl to last 6 sts. K6. =3rd row:= K6.
K2tog. t.b.l. K1. *Wl. fwd. Knit below. Wl. fwd. K1. K3tog. K1. Repeat from
* to last 10 sts. Wl. fwd. Knit below. Wl. fwd. K1. K2tog. K6. =4th row:=
K6. Purl to last 6 sts. K6.** Repeat from ** to ** until back of sleeve is
one pattern less than depth of front of sleeve, ending with 4th row.
Proceed:-

=1st row:= K83. (K2tog. K3) 9 times. K83. =2nd row:= K6. P77. K36. P77. K6.
=3rd row:= K6. K2tog. t.b.l. (K1. Wl. fwd. Knit below. Wl. fwd. K1. K3tog.)
12 times. K1. Wl. fwd. K40. Wl. fwd. (K1. K3tog. K1. Wl. fwd. Knit below.
Wl. fwd.) 12 times. K1. K2tog. K6. =4th row:= Cast off 6 sts. knitways, 77
sts. purl ways, 36 sts. knitways, 77 sts. purl ways, 6 sts. knitways.

TO MAKE UP: Press pieces carefully. Sew all seams. Sew button to correspond
to buttonhole.


=BABY'S JACKET=--"=PAM="

  MATERIALS: =MISS CANADA CROCHET-KNITTING WOOL=. 3 ozs. Chalk Green.
  One Button.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:                   =3 mos.=     =6 mos.=   =9 mos.=
  Width all round at underarm     18     ins.  19 ins.   19-1/2 ins.
  Length from top of shoulder      9-1/2  "    10  "     10      "
  Length of sleeve underarm seam   5-1/2  "     6  "      7      "

RIGHT FRONT: Cast on 34 sts. Knit 5 rows Garter st. =6th row:= K6. (Inc. 1.
st. in next st. K6) 4 times. 38 sts. on needle. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K1. Purl to last 6 sts. K6. =2nd row:= K6. K2tog. t.b.l. K1.
*Wl. fwd. Knit below. (see 2nd row, "Pamela"). Wl. fwd. K1. K3tog. K1.
Repeat from * to last 5 sts. Wl. fwd. Knit below. Wl. fwd. K1. K2tog. K1.
=3rd row:= K1. Purl to last 6 sts. K6. =4th row:= Knit. These 4 rows
complete one pattern. Continue even in pattern until work measures 5-1/2
ins. from beginning, ending at front edge. =Next row:= (buttonhole) K2. Wl.
fwd. K2tog. K2. Work in pattern to end of row. Continue even until work
measures 6-1/2 ins. from beginning ending with 2nd pattern row, casting on
39 sts. at end of row for sleeve. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K4. Purl to last 6 sts. K6. =2nd row:= Knit. =3rd row:= K4. Purl
to last 7 sts. K7. Continue in pattern working 1 more Garter st. for lapel
every 4th row, leaving 1 less pattern st. at Front edge, until there are 14
Garter sts. for lapel. Continue even in pattern until sleeve is approx. 3
ins. wide, =(=_6 mos.--3-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--3-1/2 ins._=)=, ending
with 2nd row. =Next row:= Cast off 4 sts. knitways, remaining 73 sts. purl
ways.

LEFT FRONT: Cast on 34 sts. Knit 5 rows Garter st. =6th row:= K6. (Inc. 1.
st. in next st. K6) 4 times. 38 sts. on needle. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K6. Purl to last st. K1. =2nd row:= K1. K2tog. t.b.l. K1. *Wl.
fwd. Knit below. Wl. fwd. K1. K3tog. K1. Repeat from * to last 10 sts. Wl.
fwd. Knit below. Wl. fwd. K1. K2tog. K6. =3rd row:= K6. Purl to last st.
K1. =4th row:= Knit. These 4 rows complete one pattern. Continue even in
pattern until work measures 6-1/2 ins. from beginning, ending with 3rd
pattern row, casting on 39 sts. at end of row for sleeve. Proceed:-

=1st row:= Knit. =2nd row:= K7. Purl to last 4 sts. K4. =3rd row:= K4.
K2tog. t.b.l. K1. *Wl. fwd. Knit below. Wl. fwd. K1. K3tog. K1. Repeat from
* to last 10 sts. Wl. fwd. Knit below. K9. =4th row:= K7. Purl to last 4
sts. K4. =5th row:= Knit. Continue to correspond to Right Front until
sleeve is same depth, ending with 2nd row. Cast off 73 sts. purl ways,
remaining 4 sts. knitways.

BACK: Cast on 60 sts. Knit 5 rows Garter st. =6th row:= Knit, inc. 3 sts.
across row. 63 sts. on needle. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. =2nd row:= K1. K2tog. t.b.l. K1. *Wl.
fwd. Knit below. Wl. fwd. K1. K3tog. K1. Repeat from * to last 5 sts. Wl.
fwd. Knit below. Wl. fwd. K1. K2tog. K1. =3rd row:= K1. Purl to last st.
K1. =4th row:= Knit. These 4 rows complete one pattern. Continue even in
pattern until work measures approx. 6-1/2 ins. from beginning, ending with
2nd pattern row, and casting on 39 sts. at end of row for sleeve. =Next
row:= K4. Purl to end of row, casting on 39 sts. for other sleeve.
Proceed:-

**=1st row:= Knit. =2nd row:= K4. Purl to last 4 sts. K4. =3rd row:= K4.
K2tog. t.b.l. K1. *Wl. fwd. Knit below. Wl. fwd. K1. K3tog. K1. Repeat from
* to last 8 sts. Wl. fwd. Knit below. Wl. fwd. K1. K2tog. K4. =4th row:=
K4. Purl to last 4 sts. K4.** Repeat from ** to ** until sleeve measures
one pattern less than depth of front of sleeve, ending with 4th row.
Proceed:-

=1st row:= K58. (K2tog. K3) 5 times. K58. =2nd row:= K4. P54. K20. P54. K4.
=3rd row:= K4. Work 54 sts. in pattern. K20. Work 54 sts. in pattern. K4.
=Next row:= Cast off 4 sts. knitways, 54 sts. purl ways, 20 sts. knitways,
54 sts. purl ways, 4 sts. knitways.

Make up jacket as given for "Pamela".

[Illustration: (_Left_)--"=Elizabeth="--_See page 54._
(_Below_)--"=Betty="--_See page 54._ (_Right_)--"=Pamela="--_See page 52._
(_Below_)--"=Pam="--_See page 52._]


=LADY'S JACKET=--"=ELIZABETH="--_Illustrated on page 53_

  MATERIALS: =BEEHIVE LUSTRE CREPE=. 10 ozs. Bitter Sweet
  =(=_36--10 ozs._=)= =(=_38--11 ozs._=)=. One Button.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:          =Bust=   =34 ins.=  =36     ins.=  =38 ins.=
  Length from top of shoulder      19  "      19-1/2  "      20  "
  Length of sleeve underarm seam   15  "      15      "      15  "

RIGHT FRONT: Cast on 61 sts. Knit 10 rows Garter st. =11th row:= *K5. Inc.
1. st. in next st. K4. Repeat from * to last st. K1. 67 sts. on needle.
Proceed:-

**=1st row:= K9. P2. (K8. P2. K5. P2.) 3 times. K5. =2nd row:= K1. P4. K2.
(P5. K2. P8. K2) 3 times. P5. K4. =3rd row:= K4. Keeping wool at back of
needle slip next st. purl ways. K4. Pass the slipped st. over the 4 knitted
sts. (the working of these 5 sts. will be termed "Cross" throughout). P2.
(K8. P2. Cross. P2) 3 times. K5. =4th row:= K1. P4. K2. (P2. w.r.n. P2. K2.
P8. K2) 3 times. P2. w.r.n. P2. K4. =5th row:= K6. Wl. fwd. Slip the w.r.n.
of previous row purl ways. K2. P2. (K8. P2. K2. Wl. fwd. Slip the w.r.n. of
previous row purl ways. K2. P2) 3 times. K5. =6th row:= K1. P4. K2. (P2.
Purl the two Wl. fwd.'s tog. P2. K2. P8. K2) 3 times. P2. Purl the two Wl.
fwd.'s tog. P2. K4.** Repeat from ** to ** 17 times, then 1st. row once.

=To shape armhole:= Keeping continuity of pattern, at armhole edge cast off
8 sts. once, then dec. 1. st. every alternate row to 50 sts. on needle.
Continue even until 25 patterns have been worked from beginning. Work first
4 rows of next pattern ending at Front edge. =Next row:= (buttonhole). K2.
Cast off 2 sts. Work in pattern to end of row. =Next row:= Work in pattern,
casting on 2 sts. to replace the 2 cast-off sts.

=To shape neck:= Keeping continuity of pattern, at neck edge cast off 13
sts. K1. K2tog. (K3. P2. K5. P2. K5) twice. Dec. 1. st. every alternate row
to 28 sts. on needle. Work 1 row even.

=To shape shoulder:= Keeping continuity of pattern, at armhole edge cast
off 7 sts. every alternate row 4 times.

LEFT FRONT: Cast on 61 sts. Knit 10 rows Garter st. =11th row:= K1. *K4.
Inc. 1. st. in next st. K5. Repeat from * to end of row. 67 sts. on needle.
Proceed:-

**=1st row:= K5. (P2. K5. P2. K8) 3 times. P2. K9. =2nd row:= K4. P5. (K2.
P8. K2. P5) 3 times. K2. P4. K1. =3rd row:= K5. (P2. Cross. P2. K8) 3
times. P2. Cross. K4. =4th row:= K4. P2. w.r.n. P2. (K2. P8. K2. P2. w.r.n.
P2) 3 times. K2. P4. K1. =5th row:= K5. (P2. K2. Wl. fwd. Slip the w.r.n.
of previous row purl ways. K2. P2. K8) 3 times. P2. K2. Wl. fwd. Slip the
w.r.n. of previous row purl ways. K6. =6th row:= K4. P2. Purl the two Wl.
fwd.'s tog. (P2. K2. P8. K2. P2. Purl the two Wl. fwd.'s tog. P2) 3 times.
K2. P4. K1.** Repeat from ** to ** 17 times. Keeping continuity of pattern
continue to correspond to Right Front, omitting buttonhole and being
careful to have all shapings for opposite side.

BACK: Cast on 110 sts. Knit 10 rows Garter st. =11th row:= *K4. Inc. 1. st.
in next st. K5. Repeat from * to end of row. 121 sts. on needle. Proceed:-

**=1st row:= K1. *K4. P2. K5. P2. K4. Repeat from * to last st. K1. =2nd
row:= K1. *P4. K2. P5. K2. P4. Repeat from * to last st. K1. =3rd row:= K1.
*K4. P2. Cross. P2. K4. Repeat from * to last st. K1. =4th row:= K1. *P4.
K2. P2. w.r.n. P2. K2. P4. Repeat from * to last st. K1. =5th row:= K1.
*K4. P2. K2. Wl. fwd. Slip the w.r.n. of previous row purl ways. K2. P2.
K4. Repeat from * to last st, K1. =6th row:= K1. *P4. K2. P2. Purl the two
Wl. fwd.'s tog. P2. K2. P4. Repeat from * to last st. K1.** Repeat from **
to ** 17 times.

=To shape armholes:= Keeping continuity of pattern, cast off 8 sts.
beginning next 2 rows, then dec. 1. st. each end of needle next and every
alternate row to 87 sts. on needle. Continue even in pattern until armhole
measures same as Front.

=To shape shoulders:= Keeping continuity of pattern, cast off 7 sts.
beginning next 8 rows. Cast off remaining sts.

(_Continued on page 55_)


=BABY'S JACKET=-"=BETTY="-_Illustrated on page 53_

  MATERIALS: =BEEHIVE LUSTRE CREPE=. 3 ozs. Bitter Sweet. One Button.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:                   =3 mos.=     =6 mos.=  =9 mos.=
  Width all round at underarm     18     ins.  19  ins.  19-1/2 ins.
  Length from top of shoulder      9-1/2  "    10   "    10      "
  Length of sleeve underarm seam   5-1/2  "     6   "     7      "

RIGHT FRONT: Cast on 33 sts. Knit 6 rows Garter st. =7th row:= *K5. Inc. 1.
st. in next st. K5. Repeat from * to end of row. 36 sts. on needle.
Proceed:-

=1st row:= K9. P2. K8. P2. K5. P2. K8. =2nd row:= K1. P7. K2. P5. K2. P8.
K2. P5. K4. =3rd row:= K4. Keeping wool at back of needle slip the next st.
purl ways. K4. Pass the slipped st. over the 4 knitted sts. (the working of
these 5 sts. will be termed "Cross" throughout). P2. K8. P2. Cross. P2. K8.
=4th row:= K1. P7. K2. P2. w.r.n. P2. K2. P8. K2. P2. w.r.n. P2. K4. =5th
row:= K6. Wl. fwd. Slip the w.r.n. of the previous row purl ways. K2. P2.
K8. P2. K2. Wl. fwd. Slip the w.r.n. of the previous row purl ways. K2. P2.
K8. =6th row:= K1. P7. K2. P2. Purl the 2 Wl. fwds. tog. P2. K2. P8. K2.
P2. Purl the 2 Wl. fwds. tog. P2. K4. These 6 rows complete one pattern.
Continue even in pattern until work measures 6-1/2 ins. from beginning,
ending at armhole edge.

=To shape armhole:= Keeping continuity of pattern cast off 3 sts. once,
then dec. 1. st. every alternate row 4 times. 29 sts. on needle. Continue
even in pattern until armhole measures 2 ins. from first shaping, ending at
Front edge. =Next row:= (buttonhole) K2. Wl. fwd. K2tog. Work in pattern to
end of row. =Next row:= Work in pattern to end of row.

=To shape neck:= Cast off 7 sts. Work in pattern to end of row. Keeping
continuity of pattern, at neck edge dec. 1. st. every row to 16 sts. on
needle. Continue even in pattern until armhole from first shaping measures
3 ins. =(=_6 mos.--3-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--3-1/2 ins._=)= ending at
armhole edge.

=To shape shoulder:= At armhole edge cast off 8 sts. every alternate row
twice.

LEFT FRONT: Cast on 33 sts. Knit 6 rows Garter st. =7th row:= *K5. Inc. 1.
st. in next st. K5. Repeat from * to end of row. 36 sts. on needle.
Proceed:-

=1st row:= K8. P2. K5. P2. K8. P2. K9. =2nd row:= K4. P5. K2. P8. K2. P5.
K2. P7. K1. =3rd row:= K8. P2. Cross. P2. K8. P2. Cross. K4. =4th row:= K4.
P2. w.r.n. P2. K2. P8. K2. P2. w.r.n. P2. K2. P7. K1. =5th row:= K8. P2.
K2. Wl. fwd. Slip the w.r.n. of previous row purl ways. K2. P2. K8. P2. K2.
Wl. fwd. Slip the w.r.n. of previous row purl ways. K6. =6th row:= K4. P2.
Purl the 2 Wl. fwds. tog. P2. K2. P8. K2. P2. Purl the 2 Wl. fwds. tog. P2.
K2. P7. K1. These 6 rows complete one pattern. Keeping continuity of
pattern continue to correspond to Right Front, omitting buttonhole, and
being careful to have all shapings for opposite side.

BACK: Cast on 66 sts. Knit 6 rows Garter st. =7th row:= *K5. Inc. 1. st. in
next st. Repeat from * to last 6 sts. K6. 76 sts. on needle. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K4. (K4. P2. K5. P2. K4) 4 times. K4. =2nd row:= K1. P3. (P4.
K2. P5. K2. P4) 4 times. P3. K1. =3rd row:= K4. (K4. P2. Cross. P2. K4) 4
times. K4. =4th row:= K1. P3. (P4. K2. P2. w.r.n. P2. K2. P4) 4 times. P3.
K1. =5th row:= K4. (K4. P2. K2. Wl. fwd. Slip the w.r.n. of previous row
purl ways. K2. P2. K4) 4 times. K4. =6th row:= K1. P3. (P4. K2. P2. Purl
the 2 Wl. fwds. tog. P2. K2. P4) 4 times. P3. K1. These 6 rows complete one
pattern. Continue even in pattern until work measures 6-1/2 ins. from
beginning.

=To shape armholes:= With right side of work facing, keeping continuity of
pattern, cast off 3 sts. beginning next 2 rows, then dec. 1. st. each end
of needle next and every alternate row 4 times. 62 sts. on needle. Continue
even in pattern until armhole from first shaping measures 3 ins. =(=_6
mos.--3-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--3-1/2 ins._=)=.

=To shape shoulders:= Cast off 8 sts, beginning next 4 rows. 5th row: *K1.
K2tog. K2. Repeat from * to end of row. Cast off.

(_Continued on page 55_)


"=ELIZABETH=" (_Continued from page 54_)

SLEEVES: Cast on 110 sts. Knit 10 rows Garter st. =11th row:= K4. *Inc. 1.
st. in next st. K5. Repeat from * to end of row. 121 sts. on needle.
Proceed:-

Work first 4 rows in pattern as given for Back. =5th row:= K1. (K4. P2. K2.
Wl. fwd. Slip the w.r.n. of previous row purl ways. K2. P2. K4) twice.
(K2tog. K2. P2. K2. Wl. fwd. Slip the w.r.n. of previous row purl ways. K2.
P2. K2. K2tog. K4. P2. K2. Wl. fwd. Slip the w.r.n. of previous row purl
ways. K2. P2. K4) twice. K4. P2. K2. Wl. fwd. Slip the w.r.n. of previous
row purl ways. K2. P2. K5. 117 sts. on needle. =6th row:= K1. (P4. K2. P2.
Purl the 2 Wl. fwds. tog. P2. K2. P4) twice. (P3. K2. P2. Purl the 2 Wl.
fwds. tog. P2. K2. P7. K2. P2. Purl the 2 Wl. fwds. tog. P2. K2. P4) twice.
P4. K2. P2. Purl the 2 Wl. fwds. tog. P2. K2. P4. K1. =7th row:= K1. (K4.
P2. K5. P2. K4) twice. (K3. P2. K5. P2. K7. P2. K5. P2. K4) twice. K4. P2.
K5. P2. K5. =8th row:= K1. (P4. K2. P5. K2. P4) twice. (P3. K2. P5. K2. P7.
K2. P5. K2. P4) twice. P4. K2. P5. K2. P4. K1. =9th row:= K1. (K4. P2.
Cross. P2. K4) twice. (K2tog. K1. P2. Cross. P2. K1. K2tog. K4. P2. Cross.
P2. K4) twice. K4. P2. Cross. P2. K5. 113 sts. on needle. Keeping
continuity of pattern continue decreasing 4 sts. in this manner every 4th
row 5 more times. 93 sts. on needle. Work 3 rows even. =Next row:= K1. (K4.
P2. Cross. P2. K4) twice. (K3tog. K4. P2. Cross. P2. K4) twice. K4. P2.
Cross. P2. K5. Work 3 rows even. =Next row:= K1. (K4. P2. K5. P2. K4)
twice. (K2tog. K3. P2. K5. P2. K4) twice. K4. (P2. K5) twice. 87 sts. on
needle. Beginning with 2nd row as given for pattern for Back, continue even
in pattern until sleeve measures 15 ins. from beginning, or desired length.

=To shape cap:= *Keeping continuity of pattern, cast off 2 sts. beginning
next 2 rows, then 1. st. beginning following 2 rows.* Repeat from * to * to
21 sts. on needle. Cast off.

COLLAR: Cast on 20 sts. Knit 12-1/2 ins. Garter st. Cast off.

TO MAKE UP: Press all pieces carefully. Sew all seams. Sew in sleeves,
placing the seam 4 sts. to front of the side seam. Sew collar in position,
placing the ends to the edges of Fronts. Sew button to correspond to
buttonhole.


"=BETTY=" (_Continued from page 54_)

SLEEVES: Cast on 36 sts. Knit 6 rows Garter st. =7th row:= *K2. Inc. 1. st.
in next st. K3. Repeat from * to end of row. 42 sts. on needle. Work in
pattern as given for Back, but working sts. in brackets twice instead of 4
times. Continue even until sleeve from beginning measures 5-1/2 ins. =(=_6
mos.--6 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--7 ins._=)=. Cast off 2 sts. beginning every
row to 10 sts. on needle. Cast off.

COLLAR: Cast on 15 sts. Work 6 ins. Garter st. =(=_6 mos.--6-1/2 ins._=)=
=(=_9 mos.--7 ins._=)=. Cast off.

Make up jacket as given for "Elizabeth".


"=JACQUELINE=" (_Continued from page 57_)

SLEEVES: Cast on 121 sts. =1st row:= K1. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of
row. Repeat 1st. row 9 times. Proceed:-

=1st row:= K48. (Wl. fwd. K2tog. Wl. fwd. K3. K3tog. K3. Wl. fwd. K1.)
twice. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K47. =2nd and alternate rows:= K1. Purl to last st.
K1. =3rd row:= K48. (Wl. fwd. K2tog. K1. Wl. fwd. K2. K3tog. K2. Wl. fwd.
K2) twice. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K47. =5th row:= K48. (Wl. fwd. K2tog. K2. Wl.
fwd. K1. K3tog. K1. Wl. fwd. K3) twice. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K47. =7th row:=
K48. (Wl. fwd. K2tog. K3. Wl. fwd. K3tog. Wl. fwd. K4) twice. Wl. fwd.
K2tog. K47. =9th row:= K45. K2tog. t.b.l. K1. (Wl. fwd. K2tog. Wl. fwd. K3.
K3tog. K3. Wl. fwd. K1) twice. Wl. fwd. (K2tog.) twice. K45. Continue dec.
1. st. each side of pattern panel in this manner every following 4th row to
97 sts. on needle ending with purl row. Sleeve now measures approx. 7 ins.
from beginning.

=To shape cap:= Still dec. 1. st. every 4th row each side of pattern panel,
cast off 1. st. beginning every row to 35 sts. on needle. Cast off.

TO MAKE UP: Press carefully. Sew all seams. Cut ribbon in half. Sew one
piece to each front and tie as illustrated.


"=NAN=" (_Continued from page 58_)

=8th row:= K1. *Inc. 2 sts. in next st. Inc. 1. st. in next st. Repeat from
* to last 2 sts. Inc. 2 sts. in next st. K1. 245 sts. on needle. =9th row:=
Knit. =10th row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. Repeat 9th and 10th rows 6
times, then 9th row once. Change to No. 12 needles =(=_36--No. 11
needles_=)= =(=_38--No. 10 needles_=)= and proceed:-

=24th row:= K1. *K3tog. K2tog. Repeat from * to last 4 sts. K3tog. K1. 99
sts. on needle. =25th row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. =26th row:= Knit.
Repeat from 3rd to 26th row once, then 3rd to 24th row once. Knit 13 rows
Garter st. Cast off loosely.

NECKBAND: With No. 12 needles =(=_36--No. 11 needles_=)= =(=_38--No. 10
needles_=)= and right side of work facing, beginning at Right Front, slip
the 20 sts. from st. holder onto a needle. Join wool, and using same
needle, pick up and knit 12 sts. along side of neck. Pick up and knit 27
sts. across back of neck, and 12 sts. along other side of neck. Knit across
sts. of Left Front. 91 sts. on needle. Knit 3 rows Garter st. =4th row:=
K3. Cast off 2 sts. Knit to last 5 sts. Cast off 2 sts. K3. =5th row:= K3.
Cast on 2 sts. Knit to last 3 sts. Cast on 2 sts. K3. =6th row:= Knit. Cast
off loosely.

TO MAKE UP: Press the borders only. Sew side and sleeve seams. Make a link
with the buttons and insert in buttonholes.


"=MARGARET=" (_Continued from page 56_)

SLEEVES: Ch. 10 sts. Join wool to centre s.c. of 3. s.c. group at right of
shoulder section and work in s.c. across armhole to corresponding point at
left. Ch. 10. Turn. Working 2 shells on each Ch. 10, continue in shell
pattern until sleeves measures 13 ins. Fasten off.

COLLAR: Join wool at Right Front edge. Work 4 rows s.c. along neck edge.
=5th row:= Work in s.c. increasing 8. s.c. across row. Repeat 5th row 6
times, being careful not to increase over increased sts. of previous rows.
=Next row:= *Work 5 shells. (1. s.c. 1. d.c. 1. s.c.) in next s.c. 1. s.s.
in next s.c. (This increases 1 shell). Repeat from * to end of row. Work 8
rows even in shell pattern. Fasten off.

TO MAKE UP: Press carefully. Sew side and sleeve seams. Cut narrow ribbon
in half. Thread through shells of sleeve 1 inch from cuff edge. Tie in bow.
Cut wider ribbon in half and sew 1 piece to each Front at neck edge.


"=JACK=" (_Continued from page 57_)

SLEEVES: Cast on 41 sts. =1st row:= K1. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of
row. Repeat 1st. row 7 times. Proceed:-

**=1st row:= K14. Wl. fwd. K2tog. Wl. fwd. K3. K3tog. K3. Wl. fwd. K1. Wl.
fwd. K2tog. K13. =2nd and alternate rows:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. =3rd
row:= K14. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K1. Wl. fwd. K2. K3tog. K2. Wl. fwd. K2. Wl.
fwd. K2tog. K13. =5th row:= K14. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K2. Wl. fwd. K1. K3tog.
K1. Wl. fwd. K3. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K13. =7th row:= K14. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K3.
Wl. fwd. K3tog. Wl. fwd. K4. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K13. =8th row:= K1. Purl to
last st. K1.** Repeat from ** to ** until sleeve from beginning measures
5-1/2 ins. =(=_6 mos.--6 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--7 ins._=)=. Keeping centre
panel even, cast off 2 sts. beginning every row to 15 sts. on needle. Cast
off.

Make up as given for "Jacqueline".

[Illustration: BB Logo]

[Illustration: (_Left_)--"=Margaret="--_See below._

    (_Below_)--"=Peggy="--_See page 6._
    _Shown in pram._]


=LADY'S CROCHETED JACKET=--"=MARGARET="

  MATERIALS: 3 ply =BEEHIVE NON-SHRINK BABY WOOL=. 11 ozs. Sky Blue.
  =(=_36--11 ozs._=)= =(=_38--12 ozs._=)=. One No. 1 Steel Crochet Hook.
  (American Gauge). 1 yd. Ribbon 1-1/2 ins. wide. 2 yds. Ribbon 1 inch
  wide.

  MEASUREMENTS:       =Bust=      =34 ins.=   =36    ins.=   =38    ins.=
  Length from top of shoulder      18  "       18-1/2 "       19-1/2 "
  Length of sleeve underarm seam   13  "       13     "       13     "

Tension and Shell pattern as given for Crocheted Bonnet, see page 6.

_The instructions are written for size 34. Sizes 36 and 38 are written in
brackets thus:- =(= =)=._

Beginning at neck edge Ch. 78 sts. =1st row:= 1. s.c. in 2nd Ch. from hook.
1. s.c. in next Ch. 3. s.c. in next Ch. (Left Front shoulder). 1. s.c. in
next 17 Ch. 3. s.c. in next Ch. (Left Back shoulder). 1. s.c. in next 35
Ch. 3. s.c. in next Ch. (Right Back shoulder). 1. s.c. in next 17 Ch. 3.
s.c. in next Ch. (Right Front shoulder). 1. s.c. in next 2. Ch. Ch. 3.
Turn. Work 2nd row as given for Baby's Crocheted Coat, see page 6.

Continue in s.c. inc. 2. sts. at each end of row (for front of neck, and
working 3. s.c. in centre of each 3. s.c. group every row 9 times) Omitting
increases at each end of row, continue in s.c. as before until work from
beginning measures 4-1/2 ins. =(=_36--5 ins._=)= =(=_38--5-1/2 ins._=)=
ending at Left Front edge. Ch. 1. Turn. Do not break wool.

LEFT FRONT: Work 1. s.c. in each st. to centre s.c. of next 3. s.c. group.
Ch. 10. Turn. Working 2 shells over Ch., continue in shell pattern across
Left Front. Continue even in shell pattern until shell section measures 12
ins. =(=_36--12 ins._=)= =(=_38--12-1/2 ins._=)=. Fasten off.

RIGHT FRONT: Ch. 10 sts. Join wool to centre s.c. of 1st. 3. s.c. group
from Right Front edge. Work in s.c. to Right Front edge. Continue to
correspond to Left Front.

BACK: Ch. 10 sts. Join wool to centre s.c. of 2nd 3. s.c. group from Left
Front edge. Work in s.c. across Back to centre s.c. of next 3. s.c. group.
Ch. 10 sts. Turn.

Working 2 shells on each Ch. 10, continue in shell pattern until Back is
same length as Front.

(_Continued on page 55_)


=LADY'S JACKET=--"=JACQUELINE="

  _Illustrated on page 59_

  MATERIALS: =BEEHIVE LUSTRE CREPE=. 8 ozs. Coral Mist. 1 yd. Ribbon.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:        =Bust=    =34 ins.=   =36   ins.=   =38 ins.=
  Length from top of shoulder      17 "      17-1/2 "       18  "
  Length of sleeve underarm seam    7 "       7     "        7  "

RIGHT FRONT: Cast on 65 sts. =1st row:= K1. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end
of row. Repeat 1st. row 9 times. Proceed:-

**=1st row:= (K1. P1) 4 times. K17. (Wl. fwd. K2tog. Wl. fwd. K3. K3tog.
K3. Wl. fwd. K1) twice. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K14. =2nd and alternate rows:= K1.
Purl to last 9 sts. K1. (P1. K1) 4 times. =3rd row:= (K1. P1) 4 times. K17.
(Wl. fwd. K2tog. K1. Wl. fwd. K2. K3tog. K2. Wl. fwd. K2) twice. Wl. fwd.
K2tog. K14. =5th row:= (K1. P1) 4 times. K17. (Wl. fwd. K2tog. K2. Wl. fwd.
K1. K3tog. K1. Wl. fwd. K3) twice. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K14. =7th row:= (K1. P1)
4 times. K17. (Wl. fwd. K2tog. K3. Wl. fwd. K3tog. Wl. fwd. K4) twice. Wl.
fwd. K2tog. K14. =8th row:= K1. Purl to last 9 sts. K1. (P1. K1) 4 times.**
Repeat from ** to ** 10 times. Work from beginning now measures approx. 10
ins. =(=_36--10 ins._=)= =(=_38--10-1/2 ins._=)=.

=To shape armhole and neck:= =1st row:= (K1. P1) 4 times. K1. K2tog. Work
in pattern to end of row. =2nd row:= Cast off 6 sts. Purl to last 9 sts.
(K1. P1) 4 times. K1. Keeping continuity of panel pattern, dec. 1. st. at
armhole edge next then every alternate row 6 times, at the same time dec.
1. st. at Front edge (inside Moss st. border) on 2nd and every following
4th row to 48 sts. on needle. Keeping armhole edge even and keeping
continuity of pattern, continue dec. 1. st. (inside border) every 4th row
to 37 sts. on needle. Continue even in pattern until armhole from first
shaping measures 7 ins. =(=_36--7-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_38--7-1/2 ins._=)=.

=To shape shoulder:= At armhole edge cast off 28 sts. Work 2-1/4 ins.
=(=_36--2-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_38--2-1/2 ins._=)= Moss st. on remaining 9 sts.
Cast off.

LEFT FRONT: Cast on 65 sts. =1st row:= K1. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of
row. Repeat 1st. row 9 times. Proceed:-

**=1st row:= K15. (Wl. fwd. K2tog. Wl. fwd. K3. K3tog. K3. Wl. fwd. K1)
twice. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K16. (P1. K1) 4 times. =2nd and alternate rows:= K1.
(P1. K1) 4 times. Purl to last st. K1. =3rd row:= K15. (Wl. fwd. K2tog. K1.
Wl. fwd. K2. K3tog. K2. Wl. fwd. K2) twice. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K16. (P1. K1) 4
times. =5th row:= K15. (Wl. fwd. K2tog. K2. Wl. fwd. K1. K3tog. K1. Wl.
fwd. K3) twice. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K16. (P1. K1) 4 times. =7th row:= K15. (Wl.
fwd. K2tog. K3. Wl. fwd. K3tog. Wl. fwd. K4) twice. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K16.
(P1. K1) 4 times. =8th row:= K1. (P1. K1) 4 times. Purl to last st. K1.**
Repeat from ** to ** 10 times. Continue to correspond to Right Front being
careful to have all shapings for opposite side.

BACK: Cast on 119 sts. =1st row:= K1. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row.
Repeat 1st. row 9 times. Proceed:-

**=1st row:= K15. *(Wl. fwd. K2tog. Wl. fwd. K3. K3tog. K3. Wl. fwd. K1)
twice. Wl. fwd. K2tog.* K38. Repeat from * to * once. K14. =2nd and
alternate rows:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. =3rd row:= K15. *(Wl. fwd. K2tog.
K1. Wl. fwd. K2. K3tog. K2. Wl. fwd. K2) twice. Wl. fwd. K2tog.* K38.
Repeat from * to * once. K14. =5th row:= K15. *(Wl. fwd. K2tog. K2. Wl.
fwd. K1. K3tog. K1. Wl. fwd. K3) twice. Wl. fwd. K2tog.* K38. Repeat from *
to * once. K14. =7th row:= K15. *(Wl. fwd. K2tog. K3. Wl. fwd. K3tog. Wl.
fwd. K4) twice. Wl. fwd. K2tog.* K38. Repeat from * to * once. K14. =8th
row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1.** Repeat from ** to ** 10 times.

=To shape armholes:= Keeping continuity of pattern cast off 6 sts.
beginning next 2 rows, then dec. 1. st. each end of needle next and every
alternate row to 93 sts. on needle. Continue even in pattern until armhole
measures same length as Front.

=To shape shoulders:= Cast off 28 sts. beginning next 2 rows. Cast off
remaining sts.

    (_Continued on page 55_)


=BABY'S JACKET=--"=JACK="

  _Illustrated on page 59_

  MATERIALS: =BEEHIVE LUSTRE CREPE=. 3 ozs. Coral Mist. 3/4 yd. Ribbon.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:                   =3 mos.=   =6 mos.=   =9 mos.=
  Width all round at underarm    18    ins.   19 ins.  19-1/2 ins.
  Length from top of shoulder    10-1/2 "     11  "    11-1/2  "
  Length of sleeve underarm seam  5-1/2 "      6  "     7      "

RIGHT FRONT: Cast on 35 sts. =1st row:= K1. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end
of row. Repeat 1st. row 7 times. Proceed:-

**=1st row:= (K1. P1) twice. K9. Wl. fwd. K2tog. Wl. fwd. K3. K3tog. K3.
Wl. fwd. K1. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K8. =2nd and alternate rows:= K1. Purl to last
5 sts. K1. (P1. K1) twice. =3rd row:= (K1. P1) twice. K9. Wl. fwd. K2tog.
K1. Wl. fwd. K2. K3tog. K2. Wl. fwd. K2. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K8. =5th row:=
(K1. P1) twice. K9. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K2. Wl. fwd. K1. K3tog. K1. Wl. fwd.
K3. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K8. =7th row:= (K1. P1) twice. K9. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K3.
Wl. fwd. K3tog. Wl. fwd. K4. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K8. =8th row:= K1. Purl to
last 5 sts. K1. (P1. K1) twice.** Repeat from ** to ** 7 times. Work from
beginning now measures approx. 7-1/2 ins. =(=_6 mos.--7-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_9
mos.--8 ins._=)=.

=To shape armhole and neck:= =1st row:= (K1. P1) twice. K1. K2tog. K6. Work
in pattern to end of row. =2nd row:= Cast off 3 sts. Purl to last 5 sts.
K1. (P1. K1) twice. Keeping continuity of panel pattern, dec. 1. st. at
armhole edge next then every alternate row 3 times, at the same time dec.
1. st. at neck edge (inside Moss st. border) every following 4th row to 20
sts. on needle. Continue even in pattern until armhole from first shaping
measures 3 ins. =(=_6 mos.--3-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--3-1/2 ins._=)=.

=To shape shoulder:= At armhole edge cast off 15 sts. Work 1-1/4 ins. Moss
st. on remaining 5 sts. Cast off.

LEFT FRONT: Cast on 35 sts. =1st row:= K1. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of
row. Repeat 1st. row 7 times. Proceed:-

**=1st row:= K9. Wl. fwd. K2tog. Wl. fwd. K3. K3tog. K3. Wl. fwd. K1. Wl.
fwd. K2tog. K8. (P1. K1) twice. =2nd and alternate rows:= K1. (P1. K1)
twice. Purl to last st. K1. =3rd row:= K9. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K1. Wl. fwd. K2.
K3tog. K2. Wl. fwd. K2. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K8. (P1. K1) twice. =5th row:= K9.
Wl. fwd. K2tog. K2. Wl. fwd. K1. K3tog. K1. Wl. fwd. K3. Wl. fwd. K2tog.
K8. (P1. K1) twice. =7th row:= K9. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K3. Wl. fwd. K3tog. Wl.
fwd. K4. Wl. fwd. K2tog. K8. (P1. K1) twice. =8th row:= K1. (P1. K1) twice.
Purl to last st. K1** Continue to correspond to Right Front being careful
to have all shapings for opposite side.

BACK: Cast on 65 sts. =1st row:= K1. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to end of row.
Repeat 1st. row 7 times. Proceed:-

**=1st row:= K9. *Wl. fwd. K2tog. Wl. fwd. K3. K3tog. K3. Wl. fwd. K1. Wl.
fwd. K2tog.* K20. Repeat from * to * once. K8. =2nd and alternate rows:=
K1. Purl to last st. K1. =3rd row:= K9. *Wl. fwd. K2tog. K1. Wl. fwd. K2.
K3tog. K2. Wl. fwd. K2. Wl. fwd. K2tog.* K20. Repeat from * to * once. K8.
=5th row:= K9. *Wl. fwd. K2tog. K2. Wl. fwd. K1. K3tog. K1. Wl. fwd. K3.
Wl. fwd. K2tog.* K20. Repeat from * to * once. K8. =7th row:= K9. *Wl. fwd.
K2tog. K3. Wl. fwd. K3tog. Wl. fwd. K4. Wl. fwd. K2tog.* K20. Repeat from *
to * once. K8. =8th row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1.** Repeat from ** to ** 7
times.

=To shape armholes:= Keeping continuity of pattern, cast off 3 sts.
beginning next 2 rows, then dec. 1. st. each end of needle next and every
alternate row to 51 sts. on needle. Continue even in pattern until armhole
measures same length as Front. Cast off.

    (_Continued on page 55_)


=LADY'S JACKET=--"=NAN="

  MATERIALS: =4 ply MISS CANADA AND ANDALUSIAN=. 8 ozs. Blue No. 230
  =(=_36--9 ozs._=)= =(=_38--10 ozs._=)=. 3 Stitch Holders. 2 Buttons.
  Two No. 12 and two No. 10 Beehive Knitting Needles, 15 inches long.
  =(=_36--Two No. 11 and two No. 9_=)= =(=_38--Two No. 10 and two
  No. 8_=)=.

  MEASUREMENTS:         =Bust=  =34     ins.=  =36 ins.=  =38     ins.=
  Length from top of shoulder    15-1/2  "      16  "      16-1/2  "
  Length of sleeve underarm seam  7-1/2  "       8  "       8-1/2  "

  Tension:  8     sts. and 10 rows = 1 inch with No. 10 needles.
            7-1/2  "    "   9   "  = 1   "    "  No.  9    "
            7      "    "   9   "  = 1   "    "  No.  8    "

=The instructions are written for size 34. For size 36 use No. 11 and No. 9
needles, for size 38 use No. 10 and No. 8 needles and follow the same
instructions.=

=The purled side is the right side of the work.=

RIGHT FRONT: With No. 12 needles =(=_36--No. 11 needles_=)= =(=_38--No. 10
needles_=)= cast on 56 sts. loosely. Knit 13 rows Garter st. **Change to
No. 10 needles =(=_36--No. 9 needles_=)= =(=_38--No. 8 needles_=)= and
proceed:-

=1st row:= K8. *Inc. 2 sts. in next st. Inc. 1. st. in next st. Repeat from
* to last 2 sts. Inc. 2 sts. in next st. K1. 127 sts. on needle. =2nd row:=
Knit. =3rd row:= K8. Purl to last st. K1. Repeat 2nd and 3rd rows once.
=6th row:= Knit to last 8 sts. Turn. =7th row:= Purl to last st. K1. Repeat
from 2nd to 7th row once, then 2nd and 3rd rows once, then 2nd row once.
Change to No. 12 needles =(=_36--No. 11 needles_=)= =(=_38--No. 10
needles_=)= and proceed:-

=17th row:= K8. *K3tog. K2tog. Repeat from * to last 4 sts. K3tog. K1. 56
sts. on needle. =18th row:= K1. Purl to last 8 sts. K8. =19th row:= Knit.
=20th row:= K1. Purl to last 8 sts. K8. =21st row:= K8. *Wl. fwd. K2tog.
Repeat from * to end of row. Repeat from 18th to 20th row once.** Repeat
from ** to ** once, then from ** to 21st row once. Cast on 54 sts. at end
of last row for sleeve. Proceed:-

***=1st row:= K12. Purl to last 8 sts. K8. =2nd row:= Knit. =3rd row:= K12.
Purl to last 8 sts. K8. Change to No. 10 needles =(=_36--No. 9 needles_=)=
=(=_38--No. 8 needles_=)= and proceed:-

=4th row:= K8. *Inc. 2 sts. in next st. Inc. 1. st. in next st. Repeat from
* to last 12 sts. K12. 245 sts. on needle. =5th row:= Knit. =6th row:= K8.
Purl to last 12 sts. K12. Repeat 5th and 6th rows once. =9th row:= Knit to
last 8 sts. Turn. =10th row:= Purl to last 12 sts. Turn. Repeat 5th and 6th
rows twice, 9th and 10th rows once, 5th and 6th rows once, then 5th row
once. Change to No. 12 needles =(=_36--No. 11 needles_=)= =(=_38--No. 10
needles_=)= and proceed:-

=20th row:= K8. *K3tog. K2tog. Repeat from * to last 12 sts. K12. 110 sts.
on needle. =21st row:= K12. Purl to last 8 sts. K8. =22nd row:= Knit. =23rd
row:= K12. Purl to last 8 sts. K8. =24th row:= K8. *Wl. fwd. K2tog. Repeat
from * to last 12 sts. K12.*** Repeat from *** to *** twice, then 21st and
22nd rows once. =Next row:= K12. Purl to last 20 sts. Slip these 20 sts.
onto a st. holder. Change to No. 10 needles =(=_36--No. 9 needles_=)=
=(=_38--No. 8 needles_=)= and proceed:-

=1st row:= K1. *Inc. 1. st. in next st. Inc. 2 sts. in next st. Repeat from
* to last 13 sts. Inc. 1. st. in next st. K12. 205 sts. on needle. =2nd
row:= Knit. =3rd row:= K1. Purl to last 12 sts. K12. Repeat 2nd and 3rd
rows once, then 2nd row once. =7th row:= K1. Purl to last 12 sts. Turn.
Repeat from 2nd to 7th row once, the 2nd and 3rd rows once, then 2nd row
once. Change to No. 12 needles =(=_36--No. 11 needles_=)= =(=_38--No. 10
needles_=)= and proceed:-

=17th row:= K1. *K2tog. K3tog. Repeat from * to last 14 sts. K2tog. K12. 90
sts. on needle. =18th row:= K12. Purl to last st. K1. =19th row:= Knit.
=20th row:= K12. Purl to last st. K1. =21st row:= K2. *Wl. fwd. K2tog.
Repeat from * to last 12 sts. K12. =22nd row:= K12. Purl to last st. K1.
Leave these sts. on st. holder until Left Front has been worked.

LEFT FRONT: With No. 12 needles =(=_36--No. 11 needles_=)= =(=_38--No. 10
needles_=)= cast on 56 sts. loosely. Knit 13 rows Garter st. Change to No.
10 needles =(=_36--No. 9 needles_=)= =(=_38--No. 8 needles_=)= and
proceed:-

**=1st row:= K1. *Inc. 2 sts. in next st. Inc. 1. st. in next st. Repeat
from * to last 9 sts. Inc. 2 sts. in next st. K8. 127 sts. on needle. =2nd
row:= Knit. =3rd row:= K1. Purl to last 8 sts. K8. =4th row:= Knit. =5th
row:= K1. Purl to last 8 sts. Turn. =6th row:= Knit. =7th row:= K1. Purl to
last 8 sts. K8. Repeat from 2nd to 7th row once, then 2nd to 4th row once.
Change to No. 12 needles =(=_36--No. 11 needles_=)= =(=_38--No. 10
needles_=)= and proceed:-

=17th row:= K1. *K3tog. K2tog. Repeat from * to last 11 sts. K3tog. K8. 56
sts. on needle. =18th row:= K8. Purl to last st. K1. =19th row:= Knit.
=20th row:= K8. Purl to last st. K1. =21st row:= K1. *Wl. fwd. K2tog.
Repeat from * to last 7 sts. K7. Repeat from 18th to 20th row once.**
Change to No. 10 needles =(=_36--No. 9 needles_=)= =(=_38--No. 8
needles_=)= and repeat from ** to ** once, then from ** to 21st row once.
=Next row:= K8. Purl to end of row. Cast on 54 sts. for sleeve. Proceed:-

***=1st row:= Knit. =2nd row:= K8. Purl to last 12 sts. K12. Change to No.
10 needles =(=_36--No. 9 needles_=)= =(=_38--No. 8 needles_=)= and
proceed:-

=3rd row:= K12. *Inc. 1. st. in next st. Inc. 2 sts. in next st. Repeat
from * to last 8 sts. K8. 245 sts. on needle. =4th row:= Knit. =5th row:=
K12. Purl to last 8 sts. K8. =6th row:= Knit. =7th row:= K12. Purl to last
8 sts. Turn. =8th row:= Knit to last 12 sts. Turn. =9th row:= Purl to last
8 sts. K8. Repeat 4th to 9th row once, then 4th to 6th row once. Change to
No. 12 needles =(=_36--No. 11 needles_=)= =(=_38--No. 10 needles_=)= and
proceed:-

=19th row:= K12. *K2tog. K3tog. Repeat from * to last 8 sts. K8. 110 sts.
on needle. =20th row:= K8. Purl to last 12 sts. K12. =21st row:= Knit.
=22nd row:= K8. Purl to last 12 sts. K12. =23rd row:= K13. *Wl. fwd. K2tog.
Repeat from * to last 7 sts. K7. =24th row:= K8. Purl to last 12 sts.
K12.*** Repeat from *** to *** twice. =Next row:= Knit to last 20 sts. Slip
these 20 sts. onto st. holder. Work on remaining 90 sts. as follows:-

=1st row:= K1. Purl to last 12 sts. K12. Change to No. 10 needles
=(=_36--No. 9 needles_=)= =(=_38--No. 8 needles_=)= and proceed:-

=2nd row:= K12. *Inc. 1. st. in next st. Inc. 2 sts. in next st. Repeat
from * to last 2 sts. Inc. 1. st. in next st. K1. 205 sts. on needle. =3rd
row:= Knit. =4th row:= K12. Purl to last st. K1. Repeat 3rd and 4th rows
once. =7th row:= Knit to last 12 sts. Turn. =8th row:= Purl to last st. K1.
Repeat from 3rd to 8th row once, the 3rd and 4th rows once, then 3rd row
once. Change to No. 12 needles =(=_36--No. 11 needles_=)= =(=_38--No. 10
needles_=)= and proceed:-

=18th row:= K12. *K2tog. K3tog. Repeat from * to last 3 sts. K2tog. K1. 90
sts. on needle. =19th row:= K1. Purl to last 12 sts. K12. =20th row:= Knit.
=21st row:= K1. Purl to last 12 sts. K12. =22nd row:= K13. *Wl. fwd. K2tog.
Repeat from * to last st. K1. =23rd row:= K1. Purl to last 12 sts. K12.
=24th row:= Knit to end of row. Cast on 27 sts. Working sts. of Right Front
onto end of same needle, knit to end of row. 207 sts. on needle. =25th
row:= K12. Purl to last 12 sts. K12. Change to No. 10 needles =(=_36--No. 9
needles_=)= =(=_38--No. 8 needles_=)= and proceed:-

=1st row:= K12. *Inc. 1. st. in next st. Inc. 2 sts. in next st. Repeat
from * to last 13 sts. Inc. 1. st. in next st. K12. 481 sts. on needle.
=2nd row:= Knit. =3rd row:= K12. Purl to last 12 sts. K12. Repeat 2nd and
3rd rows once. =6th row:= Knit to last 12 sts. Turn. =7th row:= Purl to
last 12 sts. Turn. Repeat from 2nd to 7th row once, the 2nd and 3rd rows
once, then 2nd row once. Change to No. 12 needles =(=_36--No. 11
needles_=)= =(=_38--No. 10 needles_=)= and proceed:-

=17th row:= K12. *K2tog. K3tog. Repeat from * to last 14 sts. K2tog. K12.
207 sts. on needle. =18th row:= K12. Purl to last 12 sts. K12. =19th row:=
Knit. =20th row:= K12. Purl to last 12 sts. K12. =21st row:= K13. *Wl. fwd.
K2tog. Repeat from * to last 12 sts. K12. Repeat 18th and 19th rows once.
=24th row:= K12. Purl to last 12 sts. K12. Repeat from 1st. to 24th row
twice, then 1st. to 17th row once. Proceed:-

=1st row:= Cast off 54 sts. Purl to last 12 sts. K12. =2nd row:= Cast off
54 sts. Knit to end of row. =3rd row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. =4th row:=
K1. *Wl. fwd. K2tog. Repeat from * to end of row. =5th row:= K1. Purl to
last st. K1. =6th row:= Knit. =7th row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. Change to
No. 10 needles =(=_36--No. 9 needles_=)= =(=_38--No. 8 needles_=)= and
proceed:-

    (_Continued on page 55_)

[Illustration: (_Left_)--"=Nan="--_See page 58._
(_Above_)--"=Nanette="--_See page 60._ (_Right_)--"=Jacqueline="--_See page
57._ (_Below_)--"=Jack="--_See page 57._]


=BABY'S JACKET=--"=NANETTE="--_Illustrated on page 59_

  MATERIALS: =4 ply MISS CANADA ANDALUSIAN=. 3 ozs. Blue No. 230.
  3 Stitch Holders. 2 Buttons. Two No. 12 and two No. 10 Beehive
  Knitting Needles. =(=_6 mos.--Two No. 11 and two No. 9_=)=
  =(=_9 mos.--Two No. 10 and two No. 8_=)=.

  MEASUREMENTS:                    =3 mos.=       =6 mos.=       =9 mos.=
  Width all round at underarm     18     ins.     19     ins.   19-1/2 ins.
  Length from top of shoulder      7-1/2  "        8      "      8-1/2  "
  Length of sleeve underarm seam   4      "        4-1/4  "      4-1/2  "

  Tension: 8     sts. and 10 rows = 1 inch with No. 10 needles.
           7-1/2  "    "   9   "  = 1  "    "   No.  9    "
           7      "    "   9   "  = 1  "    "   No.  8    "

=The instructions are written for size 3 mos. For 6 mos. size use No. 11
and No. 9 needles. For 9 mos. size use No. 10 and No. 8 needles and follow
same instructions.=

=The purled side is the right side of the work.=

RIGHT FRONT: With No. 12 needles =(=_6 mos.--No. 11 needles_=)= =(=_9
mos.--No. 10 needles_=)= cast on 30 sts. loosely. Knit 9 rows Garter st.
**Change to No. 10 needles =(=_6 mos--No. 9 needles_=)= =(=_9 mos.--No. 8
needles_=)= and proceed:-

=1st row:= K8. *Inc. 2 sts. in next st. Inc. 1. st. in next st. Repeat from
* to last 2 sts. Inc. 2 sts. in next st. K1. 62 sts. on needle. =2nd row:=
Knit. =3rd row:= K8. Purl to last st. K1. Repeat 2nd and 3rd rows once.
=6th row:= Knit to last 8 sts. Turn. =7th row:= Purl to last st. K1. Repeat
2nd and 3rd rows once, then 2nd row once. Change to No. 12 needles =(=_6
mos.--No. 11 needles_=)= =(=_9 mos.--No. 10 needles_=)= and proceed:-

=11th row:= K8. *K3tog. K2tog. Repeat from * to last 4 sts. K3tog. K1. 30
sts. on needle. =12th row:= K1. Purl to last 8 sts. K8. =13th row:= K8.
*Wl. fwd. K2tog. Repeat from * to end of row. =14th row:= K1. Purl to last
8 sts. K8. =15th row:= Knit. =16th row:= As 14th row.** Repeat from ** to
** once, then from ** to end of 13th row casting on 26 sts. for sleeve at
end of last row. 56 sts. on needle. Proceed:-

***=1st row:= K8. Purl to last 8 sts. K8. =2nd row:= Knit. 3rd row: As 1st.
row. Change to No. 10 needles =(=_6 mos.--No. 9 needles_=)= =(=_9 mos--No.
8 needles_=)= and proceed:-

=4th row:= K8. *Inc. 2 sts. in next st. Inc. 1. st. in next st. Repeat from
* to last 8 sts. K8. 116 sts. on needle. =5th row:= Knit. =6th row:= K8.
Purl to last 8 sts. K8. Repeat 5th and 6th rows once. =9th row:= Knit to
last 8 sts. Turn. =10th row:= Purl to last 8 sts. Turn. =11th row:= Knit.
=12th row:= K8. Purl to last 8 sts. K8. Repeat 5th row once. Change to No.
12 needles =(=_6 mos.--No. 11 needles_=)= =(=_9 mos.--No. 10 needles_=)=
and proceed:-

=14th row:= K8. *K3tog. K2tog. Repeat from * to last 8 sts. K8. 56 sts. on
needle. =15th row:= K8. Purl to last 8 sts. K8. =16th row:= K8. *Wl. fwd.
K2tog. Repeat from * to last 8 sts. K8.*** Repeat from *** to *** once,
then 1st. and 2nd rows once. =Next row:= K8. Purl to last 14 sts. Slip
these sts. onto safety pin. Change to No. 10 needles =(=_6
mos.--No. 9 needles_=)= =(=_9 mos.--No. 8 needles_=)= and working on
remaining 42 sts. proceed:-

=1st row:= K1. *Inc. 1. st. in next st. Inc. 2 sts. in next st. Repeat from
* to last 9 sts. Inc. 1. st. in next st. K8. 91 sts. on needle. =2nd row:=
Knit. =3rd row:= K1. Purl to last 8 sts. K8. Repeat 2nd and 3rd rows once,
then 2nd row once. =7th row:= K1. Purl to last 8 sts. Turn. =8th row:=
Knit. Repeat 3rd then 2nd row once. Change to No. 12 needles =(=_6
mos.--No. 11 needles_=)= =(=_9 mos.--No. 10 needles_=)= and proceed:-

=11th row:= K1. *K2tog. K3tog. Repeat from * to last 10 sts. K2tog. K8. 42
sts. on needle. =12th row:= K8. Purl to last st. K1. =13th row:= K2. *Wl.
fwd. K2tog. Repeat from * to last 8 sts. K8. =14th row:= K8. Purl to last
st. K1. Leave these sts. on st. holder until Left Front has been worked.

LEFT FRONT: With No. 12 needles =(=_6 mos.--No. 11 needles_=)= =(=_9
mos.--No. 10 needles_=)= cast on 30 sts. loosely. Knit 9 rows Garter st.
**Change to No. 10 needles =(=_6 mos.--No. 9 needles_=)= =(=_9 mos.--No. 8
needles_=)= and proceed:-

=1st row:= K1. *Inc. 2 sts. in next st. Inc. 1. st. in next st. Repeat from
* to last 9 sts. Inc. 2 sts. in next st. K8. 62 sts. on needle. =2nd row:=
Knit. =3rd row:= K1. Purl to last 8 sts. K8. Repeat 2nd row once. =5th
row:= K1. Purl to last 8 sts. Turn. =6th row:= Knit. =7th row:= As 3rd row.
Repeat 2nd and 3rd rows once, then 2nd row once. Change to No. 12 needles
=(=_6 mos.--No. 11 needles_=)= =(=_9 mos.--No. 10 needles_=)= and
proceed:-

=11th row:= K1. *K3tog. K2tog. Repeat from * to last 11 sts. K3tog. K8. 30
sts. on needle. =12th row:= K8. Purl to last st. K1. =13th row:= K1. *Wl.
fwd. K2tog. Repeat from * to last 7 sts. K7. =14th row:= K8. Purl to last
st. K1. =15th row:= Knit. =16th row:= As 14th row.** Repeat from ** to **
once, then from ** to end of 14th row casting on 26 sts. for sleeve at end
of last row. 56 sts. on needle. Proceed:-

***=1st row:= Knit. =2nd row:= K8. Purl to last 8 sts. K8. Change
to No. 10 needles =(=_6 mos.--No. 9 needles_=)= =(=_9 mos.--No. 8
needles_=)= and proceed:-

=3rd row:= K8. *Inc. 1. st. in next st. Inc. 2 sts. in next st. Repeat from
* to last 8 sts. K8. 116 sts. on needle. =4th row:= Knit. =5th row:= K8.
Purl to last 8 sts. K8. =6th row:= As 4th row. =7th row:= K8. Purl to last
8 sts. Turn. =8th row:= Knit to last 8 sts. Turn. =9th row:= Purl to last 8
sts. K8. Repeat 4th and 5th rows once, then 4th row once. Change to No. 12
needles =(=_6 mos.--No. 11 needles_=)= =(=_9 mos.--No. 10 needles_=)= and
proceed:-

=13th row:= K8. *K2tog. K3tog. Repeat from * to last 8 sts. K8. 56 sts. on
needle. =14th row:= K8. Purl to last 8 sts. K8. =15th row:= K9. *Wl. fwd.
K2tog. Repeat from * to last 7 sts. K7. =16th row:= K8. Purl to last 8 sts.
K8.*** Repeat from *** to *** once. =Next row:= Knit to last 14 sts. Slip
these 14 sts. onto safety pin. Working on remaining 42 sts. proceed:-

=1st row:= K1. Purl to last 8 sts. K8. Change to No. 10 needles =(=_6
mos.--No. 9 needles_=)= =(=_9 mos.--No. 8 needles_=)= and proceed:-

=2nd row:= K8. *Inc. 1. st. in next st. Inc. 2 sts. in next st. Repeat from
* to last 2 sts. Inc. 1. st. in next st. K1. 91 sts. on needles. =3rd row:=
Knit. =4th row:= K8. Purl to last st. K1. =5th row:= Knit. =6th row:= K8.
Purl to last st. K1. =7th row:= Knit to last 8 sts. Turn. =8th row:= Purl
to last st. K1. Repeat 5th and 6th rows once, then 5th row once. Change to
No. 12 needles =(=_6 mos.--No. 11 needles_=)= =(=_9 mos.--No. 10
needles_=)= and proceed:-

=12th row:= K8. *K2tog. K3tog. Repeat from * to last 3 sts: K2tog. K1. 42
sts. on needle. =13th row:= K1. Purl to last 8 sts: K8. =14th row:= K9.
*Wl. fwd. K2tog. Repeat from * to last st: K1. =15th row:= K1. Purl to last
8 sts. K8. =16th row:= Knit to end of row. Cast on 21 sts. Working 42 sts.
of Right Front onto end of same needle, knit to end of row. 105 sts. on
needle. =Next row:= K8. Purl to last 8 sts. K8. Change to No. 10 needles
=(=_6 mos.--No. 9 needles_=)= =(=_9 mos.--No. 8 needles_=)= and proceed:-

=1st row:= K8. *Inc. 1. st. in next st. Inc. 2 sts. in next st. Repeat from
* to last 9 sts. Inc. 1. st. in next st. K8. 238 sts. on needle. =2nd row:=
Knit. =3rd row:= K8. Purl to last 8 sts. K8. Repeat 2nd row once. =5th
row:= K8. Purl to last 8 sts. Turn. =6th row:= Knit to last 8 sts. Turn.
=7th row:= Purl to last 8 sts. K8. Repeat 2nd and 3rd rows once, then 2nd
row once. Change to No. 12 needles =(=_6 mos.--No. 11 needles_=)= =(=_9
mos.--No. 10 needles_=)= and proceed:-

=11th row:= K8. *K2tog. K3tog. Repeat from * to last 10 sts. K2tog. K8. 105
sts. on needle. =12th row:= K8. Purl to last 8 sts. K8. =13th row:= K9.
*Wl. fwd. K2tog. Repeat from * to last 8 sts. K8. =14th row:= K8. Purl to
last 8 sts. K8. =15th row:= Knit. =16th row:= As 14th row. Repeat from 1st.
to 11th row. Proceed:-

=1st row:= Cast off 26 sts. Purl to last 8 sts. K8. =2nd row:= Cast off 26
sts. K1. *Wl. fwd. K2tog. Repeat from * to end of row. 53 sts. on needle.
=3rd row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. =4th row:= Knit. =5th row:= As 3rd row.
Change to No. 10 needles =(=_6 mos.--No. 9 needles_=)= =(=_9 mos.--No. 8
needles_=)= and proceed:-

=6th row:= K1. *Inc. 2 sts. in next st. Inc. 1. st. in next st. Repeat from
* to last 2 sts. Inc. 2 sts. in next st. K1. 130 sts. on needle. =7th row:=
Knit. =8th row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. Repeat 7th and 8th rows 3 times,
then 7th row once. Change to No. 12 needles =(=_6 mos.--No. 11 needles_=)=
=(=_9 mos.--No. 10 needles_=)= and proceed:-

    (_Continued on page 61_)


=CROCHETED BOTTLE COVER=--for 8 oz. bottle.

     _Illustrated on cover_

     MATERIALS: =2 ply BEEHIVE FINGERING=. 1 oz. One No. 3 Steel
     Crochet Hook. (American Gauge). Length of Ribbon.

    Tension: 6 star sts. = 1 inch.
             5 rounds    = 1 inch.

Starting at bottom Ch. 28 sts. Join in round with s.s. =1st round:= Insert
hook in same place as s.s. Draw up loop. (Insert hook in next Ch. and draw
up loop) 3 times. W.o.h. and draw through all 5 loops on hook. Ch. 1. (This
makes 1. star st.). *Insert hook in single loop of the Ch. 1. and draw up
loop. Insert hook under last loop of star st. and draw up loop. Insert hook
in same Ch. as last loop of previous star st. and draw up loop. Insert hook
in next Ch. and draw up loop. W.o.h. and draw through all 5 loops on hook.
Ch. 1. Repeat from * around Ch. 25 star sts. in round. =2nd round:= Insert
hook in single loop of Ch. 1. just worked and draw up loop. Insert hook
under last loop of previous star st. and draw up loop. Insert hook in same
Ch. as last loop of previous star st. and draw up loop. Insert hook in Ch.
1. of next star st. and draw up loop. W.o.h. and draw through all 5 loops
on hook. Ch. 1. (This completes 1st. star st. of 2nd round). *Insert hook
in Ch. 1. just worked and draw up loop. Insert hook under last loop of
previous star st. and draw up loop. Insert hook in same place as last loop
of previous star st. and draw up loop. Insert hook in top loop of star st.
of previous round and draw up loop. W.o.h. and draw through all 5 loops on
hook. Ch. 1. (this increases 1 star st.). Work 2 star sts. in same manner
as 1st. star st. of 2nd round. Repeat from * to end of round. 34 star sts.
in round. Continue even in star st. working 1. star st. over each star st.
until work measures 5-1/2 ins. from beginning. s.s. to top loop of next
star st. Proceed:-

=To make edging:= =1st round:= *Ch. 5. Miss 1. star st. 1. s.c. in top loop
of next star st. Repeat from * to end of round. =2nd round:= s.s. to centre
of next loop. *Ch. 5. 1. s.c. in next loop. Repeat from * to end of round.
=3rd round:= s.s. to centre of next loop. *Ch. 3. 1. d.c. in next loop. Ch.
3. 1. s.c. in 1st. Ch. of Ch. 3. just worked. (This makes a picot). 1. d.c.
in loop where last d.c. was worked. Picot. 1. d.c. in same loop. Ch. 3. 1.
s.c. in next loop. Repeat from * to end of round. Fasten off. Thread ribbon
through 2nd round of loops and tie.


"=NANETTE=" (_Continued from page 60_)

=16th row:= K1. *K3tog. K2tog. Repeat from * to last 4 sts. K3tog. K1. 53
sts. on needle. =17th row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1. =18th row:= K1. *Wl.
fwd. K2tog. Repeat from * to end of row. Repeat from 3rd to 18th row once,
then from 3rd to 16th row once. Knit 9 rows Garter st. Cast off loosely.

NECKBAND: With No. 12 needles =(=_6 mos.--No. 11 needles_=)= =(=_9
mos.--No. 10 needles_=)= and right side of work facing, beginning at Right
Front, slip the 14 sts. from safety pin onto a needle. Join wool and using
same needle pick up and knit 6 sts. along side of neck. Pick up and knit 21
sts. across back of neck. Pick up and knit 6 sts. along other side of neck
and 14 sts. from safety pin of Left Front. 61 sts. on needle. Knit 3 rows
Garter st. =4th row:= (buttonholes). K2. Wl. fwd. K2tog. Knit to last 4
sts. K2tog. Wl. fwd. K2. Knit 2 rows. Cast off loosely.

Make up as given for "Nan", see page 55.


=BABY'S LACEY KIMONA=

  _Illustrated on cover_

  MATERIALS: =2 ply BEEHIVE FINGERING=. 5 ozs. Blue, No. 188. 1 yd.
  Ribbon 1 inch wide. 2 Safety Pins.

=For Needles and Tension see page 5.=

  MEASUREMENTS:                    =3 mos.=     =6 mos.=     =9 mos.=
  Width all round at underarm      25    ins.   26    ins.   26-1/2 ins.
  Length from top of shoulder      25     "     25-1/2 "     25-1/2  "
  Length of sleeve underarm seam    5-1/2 "      6     "      7      "

PATTERN: =1st row:= K1. K2tog. K1. Wl. fwd. K1. *Wl. fwd. K1. Sl. 1, K1.
p.s.s.o. K2tog. K1. Wl. fwd. K1. Repeat from * to last 4 sts. Wl. fwd. K1.
Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o. K1. =2nd row:= K1. Purl to last st. K1.

BACK: Cast on 212 sts. Work 6 ins. even in pattern ending with 2nd pattern
row. Keeping continuity of pattern dec. 1. st. each end of needle next and
every following 3rd row to 116 sts. on needle. Continue even in pattern
until work measures 21 ins. from beginning ending with 2nd pattern row.

=To shape armholes:= Keeping continuity of pattern cast off 2 sts.
beginning next 2 rows, then dec. 1. st. each end of needle every alternate
row to 94 sts. on needle. Continue even until armhole from first shaping
measures 2-3/4 ins. =(=_6 mos.--3-1/4 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--3-1/4 ins._=)=
ending with 2nd pattern row.

=To shape neck:= Work 36 sts. in pattern. Cast off 22 sts. Work remaining
36 sts. in pattern. Continue in pattern on these 36 sts. casting off 2 sts.
at neck edge every alternate row to 28 sts. on needle. Continue even in
pattern until armhole from first shaping measures 3-3/4 ins. =(=_6
mos.--4-1/4 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--4-1/4 ins._=)=. =Next row:= (K2tog.)
twice. Pass 1st. st. over 2nd. *K2tog. Pass 1st. st. over 2nd. Repeat from
* to end of row. Join wool at neck edge and work other side to correspond.

LEFT FRONT: Cast on 106 sts. =1st row:= K1. K2tog. K1. Wl. fwd. K1. *Wl.
fwd. K1. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o. K2tog. K1. Wl. fwd. K1. Repeat from * 11
times. Wl. fwd. K1. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o. (P1. K1) 7 times. =2nd row:= K1.
Purl to last st. K1. Repeat these 2 rows until work measures 6 ins. from
beginning. Keeping continuity of pattern dec. 1. st. at side edge on next
and every following 3rd row to 58 sts. on needle. Continue even in pattern
until work measures 21 ins. from beginning ending at side edge.

=To shape armhole:= Keeping continuity of pattern, cast off 2 sts. once,
then dec. 1. st. every alternate row to 47 sts. on needle. Continue even in
pattern until armhole from first shaping measures 2 ins. =(=_6 mos.--2-1/2
ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--2-1/2 ins._=)= ending at Front edge. Work 14 Border
sts. Slip these sts. onto a safety pin. Work across remaining sts. dec. 1.
st. at neck edge every alternate row to 28 sts. on needle. Continue even in
pattern until armhole from first shaping measures 3-3/4 ins. =(=_6
mos.--4-1/4 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--4-1/4 ins._=)=. Cast off as given for
Back.

RIGHT FRONT: Cast on 106 sts. =1st row:= (K1. P1) 7 times. K2tog. K1. Wl.
fwd. K1. *Wl. fwd. K1. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o. K2tog. K1. Wl. fwd. K1. Repeat
from * 11 times. Wl. fwd. K1. Sl. 1. K1. p.s.s.o. K1. =2nd row:= K1. Purl
to last st. K1. Continue to correspond to Left Front being careful to have
all shapings for opposite side.

SLEEVES: Cast on 54 sts. Work 1 inch ribbing (K1. P1). =Next row:= Rib 11
sts. Inc. 1. st. in each of next 32 sts. Rib 11 sts. 86 sts. on needle.
Continue even in pattern as given for Back until sleeve from beginning
measures 5-1/2 ins. =(=_6 mos.--6 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--7 ins._=)=. Keeping
continuity of pattern cast off 3 sts. beginning every row to 56 sts. on
needle. Cast off.

NECKBAND: Sew shoulder seams. With right side of work facing pick up 14
sts. from safety pin of Right Front. Pick up and knit 67 sts. along neck
edge and the 14 sts. from safety pin of Left Front. 95 sts. on needle.
Proceed:-

=1st row:= K2. *P1. K1. Repeat from * to last st. K1. =2nd row:= *K1. P1.
Repeat from * to last st. K1. =3rd row:= As 1st. row. =4th row:= (eyelets).
K1. *Wl. fwd. K2tog. P1. K1. Repeat from * to last 2 sts. Wl. fwd. K2tog.
Repeat 1st. and 2nd rows once, then 1st. row once. Cast off in ribbing.

TO MAKE UP: Press all pieces carefully. Sew all seams. Thread ribbon
through eyelets at neck.


(=B=) =BABY'S COAT=--_Illustrated on page 8_

  MATERIALS: =2 ply BEEHIVE FINGERING=. 2 ozs. =(=_6 mos.--3 ozs._=)=
  =(=_9 mos.--3 ozs._=)= White. One No. 1 Steel Crochet Hook.
  (American Gauge). 4 Buttons.

  MEASUREMENTS:                    =3 mos.=    =6 mos.=   =9 mos.=
  Width all round at underarm      18    ins.  19 ins.   19-1/2 ins.
  Length from top of shoulder       9     "    10  "     10      "
  Length of sleeve underarm seam    5-1/2 "     6  "      7      "

  Tension:  Yoke Pattern (1. s.c. Ch. 1) 9 times = 2 ins.
                         8 rows                  = 1 inch.
            Body Pattern 2 Shells                = 1 inch.
                         3 rows                  = 1 inch.

YOKE: Beginning at back Ch. 65 sts. =(=_6 mos.--69 sts._=)= =(=_9 mos.--71
sts._=)=. =1st row:= 1. s.c. in 3rd Ch. from hook. *Ch. 1. Miss 1. st. 1.
s.c. in next st. Repeat from * to end of row. Ch. 3. Turn. =2nd row:= 1.
s.c. in 1st space. *Ch. 1. Miss next s.c. 1. s.c. in next space. Repeat
from * to end of row, working last s.c. in space made by turning Ch. of
previous row. Ch. 3. Turn. Repeat 2nd row for 3 ins. =(=_6 mos.--3-1/2
ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--3-1/2 ins._=)=.

=To make neck:= 1. s.c. in 1st space. Repeat from * 2nd pattern row 10
times. Ch. 3. Turn. Repeat 2nd row 12 times. Ch. 25 sts. for front of neck.
=Next row:= 1. s.c. in 3rd Ch. from hook. Repeat from * 1st pattern row 11
times. Repeat from * 2nd pattern row to end of row. Ch. 3. Turn. Repeat 2nd
row for 1-1/2 ins. =(=_6 mos.--2 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--2 ins._=)=, ending at
armhole edge. Ch. 12 sts. Join with s.s. to lower corner of back of yoke
for underarm. Break wool.

Join wool at armhole edge. Ch. 3. 1. s.c. in 1st space. Repeat Join. * 2nd
pattern row 10 times for other shoulder. Repeat 2nd row until this side
measures same as other side ending at armhole edge. Ch. 12 sts. Join with
s.s. to lower corner of back of yoke for underarm. Break wool. Proceed:-

BODY OF COAT: Join wool at front edge. Ch. 4. 3. d.c. in 1st. space. 1.
s.c. in next space. *Ch. 3. 3. d.c. in next space. 1. s.c. in next space.
(1 shell). Repeat from * around Coat, working 3 shells at each underarm.
Ch. 4. Turn. =2nd row:= Miss the s.c. and 3 d.c. 1. s.c. in 1st. Ch. 3.
space. *Ch. 3. 3. d.c. in same space. 1. s.c. in next Ch. 3. space. Repeat
from * to end of row, working last s.c. in the turning Ch. of previous row.
Ch. 4. Turn. =3rd row:= 3. d.c. in 1st. s.c. 1. s.c. in 1st. Ch. 3. space.
Repeat from * 2nd pattern row to end of row. Ch. 4. Turn. Repeat 2nd and
3rd rows for 6 ins. =(=_6 mos.--6-1/2 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--6-1/2 ins._=)=,
ending with 2nd row. Ch. 3. Do not turn. Work a row of shells along both
front edges and neck. Fasten off.

SLEEVES: Ch. 39 sts. =(=_6 mos.--45 sts._=)= =(=_9 mos.--45 sts._=)=. Work
6 rows in Yoke pattern. =Next row:= 1. s.c. in 1st. space. *Ch. 1. 1. s.c.
in same space. (an increase). (Ch. 1. Miss next s.c. 1. s.c. in next space)
3 times. Repeat from * to end of row. 25 spaces in row. =(=_6 and 9
mos.--29 spaces_=)=. Ch. 4. Turn. =Next row:= Work in shell pattern to last
3 spaces. Ch. 3. 3. d.c. in next space. Miss 1. space. 1. s.c. in last
space. Ch. 4. Turn. Continue even in shell pattern until sleeve from
beginning measures 6-1/4 ins. =(=_6 mos.--6-3/4 ins._=)= =(=_9 mos.--7-3/4
ins._=)=. Ch. 4. Turn. 1. s.c. in centre d.c. of 1st. shell. Ch. 1. 1. s.c.
in next space. *Ch. 1. 1. s.c. in centre d.c. of next shell. Ch. 1. 1. s.c.
in next space. Repeat from * to end of row. Fasten off.

TO MAKE UP: Press pieces carefully. Sew side seams. Sew sleeve seams to
within 3/4 inch of top. Sew sleeves in armholes. Sew buttons to correspond
to the shell edges on Front of coat as illustrated, using the Ch. 3. of the
shell pattern for a buttonhole. As the coat is reversible the buttons
should be sewn on the left front for a girl, and the right front for a boy.

       *       *       *       *       *




=_Wear Wool and Be Well_=

ULTRA-VIOLET TRANSMISSION THROUGH FABRIC MADE FROM WOOL--It is an
established fact that the health-giving ultra-violet rays are transmitted
to the body with greater power through Wool than through either Artificial
Silk or Cotton.


=USE GOOD QUALITY WOOLS AND THERE IS NO NEED FOR WASHING HAND KNITTED
GARMENTS BEFORE WEARING=


=_General Information_=


=CHECK THE TENSION=

=The garments in this book are worked to the exact tension given. They are
closely knitted to insure a firm fabric that will wear better and keep its
shape longer than a loosely knitted fabric. _Check your tension._ Before
beginning your garment take the wool and needles specified. Cast on 20
stitches. Work 20 rows stocking stitch and compare with the tension given
in the instruction. All given tension in Beehive instructions is measured
over stocking stitch. If your tension is too loose try a size smaller
needle. If your tension is too tight try a size larger needle.=

=_Be sure to work to exact tension given if you want your garment to work
to correct size._=


=_To Press a Finished Garment_=

--for plain, smooth fabric. Place all knitted pieces on a thick pad wrong
side out. Baste to shape and size desired being careful to keep the weave
quite straight. Cover with a damp bath towel. Smooth EVENLY with a WARM
iron. Remove towel and leave until dry.

For raised and fancy patterns. Baste into position and cover with a wet
towel but _do not press_. Pat gently but firmly with the hand. Remove towel
and leave until dry.

=_Use the Yarn the Pattern Calls For_=

Use only Patons and Baldwins yarns, and Beehive Knitting Needles for any of
the garments in this Book.

=_Buy the Quantity of Yarn the Pattern Calls For_=

at the time you make your initial purchase, making sure it is the one dye
lot. This will prevent a disappointment later on when you might find you
could not exactly match the colour.

=_To Change the Size_=

Read carefully the measurements given in the instructions. When enlarging a
patterned garment be sure to add enough stitches for a complete pattern.
When enlarging a plain garment multiply the stitches required for 1 inch by
the number of inches necessary for the extra width. For a smaller size cast
on as many less stitches as are required for 1 inch. Continue knitting in
extra or lesser length to underarm, for armhole and for sleeves.


=_Washing and Drying Woollen Garments_=

=The beauty of your hand knit woollen garments can be easily retained after
many washings provided a few simple rules are followed.=

=Before washing, measure the garment and note measurements carefully.=

1. USE GOOD MILD SOAP OR SOAP FLAKES. Dissolve sufficient quantity to make
good _lukewarm_ suds.

2. Squeeze the suds gently through and through the garment until clean.
Never rub a woollen garment. Keep garment supported by hands when removing
from water, because the weight of the wet garment may stretch the yarn.

3. Rinse 3 times in clean, lukewarm water, gently squeezing to REMOVE ALL
SOAP. Keep garment supported by hands when removing from water.

4. Never let the garment lie wet, but remove all moisture at once by
rolling in a clean, thick towel.

5. Remove garment from towel, lay on flat surface, easing into original
measurement. Leave until dry AWAY FROM EXTREME HEAT. DO NOT HANG UP.

6. NON-SHRINK WOOLS. Non-Shrink treated yarns may stretch with careless
washing, therefore use especial care when washing your non-shrink garments.
Follow the same instructions _most carefully_ and you will avoid any
trouble.

=REMOVE ALL SOAP. REMOVE ALL MOISTURE. AFTER WASHING DON'T HANG UP--DRY
FLAT!=


=_Abbreviations_=

     KNITTING--K = knit plain. P = purl. p.s.s.o. = pass slip stitch
     over. w.r.n. = wool round needle. w.o.n. = wool over needle wl.
     fwd. = wool forward. tog. = together. ins. = inches. dec. =
     decrease. inc. = increase. t.b.l. = through back of loops.

     CROCHET--Ch. = chain. s.c. = single crochet. d.c. = double
     crochet. h.d.c. = half double crochet. Tr. = treble. d. tr. =
     double treble. L. tr. = long treble. H. tr. = half treble. s.s.
     = slip stitch. w.o.h. = wool over hook.

     _The star symbol_--*This indicates that the directions
     immediately following are to be repeated. When directions call
     for repeating a given number of times, it is understood this is
     in addition to the original. Thus, repeat 3 times means 4 times
     altogether.

     _To knit_ "_even_"--The row or work is knitted without
     increasing or decreasing.

     _Important_: When the instructions read--Cast off 2 sts. K2 (or
     similar sts.) the stitch on the right hand needle after casting
     off, is counted as 1 stitch.


=Traduction Française des Abréviations et Points Employés=

K = Tricoter à l'endroit. P = Tricoter à l'envers. p.s.s.o. = Passer la
maille glissée par dessus. w.r.n. = Une maille jetée à l'envers. w.o.n. =
Passer la laine par-dessus l'aiguille. Wl. fwd. = Une maille jetée à
l'endroit. Tog. = Ensemble. Ins. = Pouces. Dec. = Diminuer. Inc. =
Augmenter. t.b.l. = Tricoter par derrière la maille.

_To knit even_--Tricoter sans augmenter ni diminuer.

_The star symbol_ (*).--L'astérisque indique que les directions qui suivent
doivent être répétées. Si on demande de répéter un certain nombre de fois,
il est entendu que c'est en plus de l'original, tel que * répéter 3 fois
veut dire 4 fois en tout.

ARMHOLE--Emmanchure. NECK EDGE--Encolure. CAST OFF--Rabattre. GARTER
STITCH--Point de jarretière, tous les rangs à l'endroit. STOCKING
STITCH--Point Jersey. Un rang à l'endroit. Un rang à l'envers. MOSS OR SEED
STITCH--1er rang. 1 maille à l'endroit. 1 maille à l'envers. 2e rang. = 1
maille à l'envers vis-à-vis des mailles à l'endroit et 1 maille à l'endroit
vis-à-vis des mailles à l'envers.

CROCHET--Ch. = Chaine. s.c. = Simple crochet. d.c. = Double crochet. h.d.c.
= Demi crochet. Tr. = Triple crochet. d. tr. = Double triple. L. Tr. =
Triple crochet (long). H. Tr. = Demi triple crochet. w.o.h. = Passer la
laine sur le crochet.


=_Important_=

=The garments given in this book have been carefully worked to the
following standard measurements. To obtain the same results use the wools
and needles the pattern calls for and work to exact tension given.=

        AGE             CHEST          SLEEVE

    1st. size coat   17      ins.    5      ins.
    3 months         18       "      5-1/2   "
    6 months         19       "      6       "
    9 months         19-1/2   "      7       "

    1     year       20      ins.    7-1/2  ins.
    1-1/2  "         20-1/2   "      8-1/2   "
    2      "         21       "      9       "


=AVERAGE WEIGHT OF INFANT FROM BIRTH TO 1 YEAR=

Birth--7-1/2 lbs., 3 Months--11-1/2 lbs., 6 Months--16 lbs., 1 Year--20
lbs.

Corresponding sizes for infants' garments for chest and sleeve as given.


=_Important Note_=

=The designs illustrated in this book should fit an average child of the
given age. There is, however, such variation of size between one child and
another that age is not, of course, a completely accurate guide.=

[Illustration: Cartoon of Baby with Phone]


    SATURDAY NIGHT PRESS. TORONTO

[Illustration: BEEHIVE NON-SHRINK BABY WOOL]

We are happy to present newly designed garments made from our renowned
BEEHIVE NON-SHRINK BABY WOOL in this new and bigger edition of BEEHIVE FOR
BAIRNS, an important addition to the ever-growing "BEEHIVE" series of
standard knitting books.

Baby Garments require constant care in washing and for this reason Mothers
everywhere welcome the Non-Shrink properties of this new Beehive Baby Wool.


=_These Standard Books should be in every Knitter's Library_=

[Illustration: Beehive Baby Wool]

[Illustration: Series No. 23]

[Illustration: Series No. 31]

[Illustration: Series No. 28]

[Illustration: Series No. 35]

[Illustration: Series No. 29]

[Illustration: Series No. 13]

[Illustration: Service Woollies]


_In case of difficulty write to_

PATONS & BALDWINS, LIMITED: TORONTO 10


       *       *       *       *       *

Transcriber's Notes

Obvious punctuation and spelling errors repaired.

Inconsistent hyphenation has been repaired.

Italic text is denoted by _underscores_ and bold text by =equal signs=.

In ambiguous cases, the text has been left as it appears in the original
book.





End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Beehive for Bairns, Vol. 2, by Various

